A pair of jumper cables walks into a bar The bartender sighs and says; "I'll serve you, but don't start anything!"
A blind man walks into a bar And a chair, and a table. 
A naked lady walks into a bar with a parrot on her shoulder. The bartender says That's a nice pig you got there.The woman says it's not a pig it's a parrot.The bartender says I was talking to the parrot.
A black guy with a parrot on his shoulder walks into a bar The bartender asks: Hey cool, where'd you get it?The parrot says: Africa 
Billy Joel walks into a bar. The barman says ‘Bill, I believe this is killing me.’ As the smile ran away from his face.
Hellen Keller walks into a bar Then a stool. Then a table. 
One night a man walks into a bar looking sad.. One night a man walks into a bar looking sad. The bartender asks the man what he wants.The man says “Oh just a beer”.The bartender asked the man “Whats wrong,why are you so down today?”.The man said “My wife and i got into a fight,and she said she wouldn’t talk to me for a month”.The bartender said “So whats wrong with that”?The man said “Well the month is up tonight”.
A young liberal arts student walks into a bar. He sat down and ordered 2 beers. An Asian guy sitting on his right hand side stared at him and went: so, how does it feel to be in the mid 20s but still live with your parents? The young liberal arts student was instantly surprised. "Yes! I lives with my parents!" he thought to himself:"but how did this guy know? Do I know this guy?" He then did a quick brain search, but couldn't think of a single Asian guy he knew. So he maintained his composure, and replied calmly: "Sir, I'm sure you mistook me for someone else. I moved out the day I enrolled in college."5 minutes later, the Asian guy tried again to start a conversation by saying:"So, did your dad get the tenure? Or still an assistant prof?"The young liberal arts student got flabbergasted! His father actually teach in the same college he attends! What's going on? Is this Asian guy a family friend? He searched through his mind once more. Nope, couldn't think of any Asian guy he had ever made acquaintance under any circumstance. Probably just some random drunk. So he replied: "Look, I don't know who you are but you better leave me alone. My father is a lawyer, not a teacher."Soon an African guy walked in and sat on his left. The African guy took a glance at him and went:"Hey there young fellow, how's your culture study thesis going?"The young liberal arts student was completely baffled. "Oh my god." He thought."I am working on a culture study thesis! How the hell did he know! I'm positive I don't know this guy!""OK!" the young liberal arts student finally snapped:"OK I lied. I live with my parents. I have a father that is teaching at the same college I go to. And I'm a culture studies major. OK, you got me, you happy? But how the fuck did you know? I don't fucking know you! I don't fucking know any of you! Just wtf is going on???"The bartender turned around. He picked up a cup and started cleaning. With a smile, he said:"Who else wears an antifa hoodie to a bar?" 
So a Black guy walks into a bar with a beautiful parrot on his shoulder The bartender says "Wow, that's something real special you've got there! Where'd you get it?""Africa!", says the parrot.
A lynx walks into a bar and says "Hey Barkeep! Mix me up a.........Jackrabbit."The bartender says, "you got it buddy, but what's with the big paws?"
A blind guy walks into a bar with his seeing eye dog. He makes his way through the crowded joint to order a beer from the bar.  After a few sips the man casually grabs the slack from the leash, and proceeds to swing the dog by its neck around his head like a helicopter. Several terrified patrons scream, "what the hell are you doing?!?"Casually, yet slightly offended, the man replies, "geez, relax, I'm just looking around." 
A jew walks into a bar It was a dozen kilograms and he sold it for a grand
A Jewish man walks into a bar He sits down and orders a drink. After a while he gets bored and tells the bartender"Bartender... Tell me a funny joke."The bartender tells him"Hitler killed millions of Jews and one clown."The Jewish man, dumbfounded, tells him"... I don't get it. Why the clown?"The bartender"See, nobody ever gives a shit about the Jews."
One night a man walks into a bar looking sad.. One night a man walks into a bar looking sad. The bartender asks the man what he wants.The man says “Oh just a beer”.The bartender asked the man “Whats wrong,why are you so down today?”.The man said “My wife and i got into a fight,and she said she would’nt talk to me for a month”.The bartender said “So whats wrong with that”?The man siad “Well the month is up tonight”.
A Matchmaker walks into a bar They see 5 people in there, 2 pair of couples and a stag.  One of the couple is a Gothic couple and a Nerdy Couple.The Matchmaker talks to the Gothic couple and says to the couple "You're gonna laid tonight."The Gothic couple replies "How would you know that?"The Matchmakers states that its because they feel that are emotionally strong for each other.The Matchmaker then goes to the nerdy couple and says "You're gonna get laid tonight."The nerdy couple ask "Why?"The Matchmaker says its because they are mentally strong for each other.Finally the Matchmaker goes to the stag and says "You're gonna get laid tonight."The man replies "Really?  How do you know?"The matchmaker replies "Because I am physically stronger than you."
An Irishman walks into a bar Just kidding he was born there and never left
One night, a man walks into a bar looking sad The bartender asks the man what he wants.The man says, “Oh, just a beer."The bartender asked the man, “What's wrong, why are you so down today?”The man said, “My wife and I got into a fight and she said she wouldn't talk to me for a month.”The bartender said, “So what's wrong with that?”The man said, “Well, the month is up tonight.”
So a man walks into a bar ... and he goes straight to the bartender. He orders a grasshopper and a screwdriver, and pays with a $100 bill. The bartender, not thinking much of it, simply gives the man his drinks and his change. The man then drinks both of the beverages.The man then spots a good friend across the bar, and notices that his friend is with a woman that looked nothing like the friend's wife. The man confronts his friend when he is alone, and the friend says"Actually, that's my sister. She's visiting town from Pittsburgh."The friend then pulls out his phone and proves this with some family photos and their last few text conversations. The man, realizing he misunderstood the situation, apologizes to his friend and his sibling and walks out of the bar, wishing both of them a good night.The man walks down the street when he watches two people dressed as apes, three women dressed as clowns, and two kids in a tandem horse costume. The man knows it is Halloween, so this succession of people doesn't phase him or anyone else on the sidewalk.The man reaches his house and, noting that the lights are off, quietly unlocks the door so as to not wake up his sleeping wife. He slowly tiptoes his way up the stairs when he misses a step and stumbles down three stairs. This wakes up his wife, and she walks out of their bedroom and says"Are you okay sweetie?""Yeah," the man says, "I just stumbled a bit. Sorry I'm late, I ran across Jim at the bar and we had a chat.""It's alright, honey. Just get to bed soon, okay? I need you to get Billy to his friend's birthday party tomorrow.""Okay, sweetest." Said the man. He doesn't really want to do it, since it means he has to talk with the other kids' parents while he's there, and the man isn't very good at small talk.But he loves his son, so he will do it anyway. The man undresses and lays down on the bed, content with the day he had.
A sandwich walks into a bar and asks for a beer. The bartender takes one look at him and says, "We don't serve food here."
A mushroom walks into a bar. Bartender says "sorry sir we don't serve your kind" mushroom says "why.... I'm a fungi"
Three men walks into a bar. The fourth man ducks.
A blind man walks into a bar And a table...and a chair...and the waiter...
A man walks into a bar (semi-original) A man walks into a bar and sees a bunch of old men sitting around talking and drinking.  He gets up to the bar, and orders himself a drink, and casually listens into the conversations."Yes yes, but number 42."  "Number 42?  Two fifty eight."  "Are you kidding me?  Thirty three my friend.  Thirty three."The man looks at the bartender and asks, "Hey what's with the numbers?""Oh they're just talking politics.  Same group, day in and day out.""But what's with the numbers?""Well, they got tired of re-hashing the same old arguments over and over.  So they just gave them a number."A man in back shouts, "Fifty two, as always."Bartender says, "See, fifty two means he's accusing the other guy of making an appeal to stone, which is a logical fallacy in which a statement is automatically dismissed as ridiculous without taking the evidence into consideration.""Wow, that's amazing.""Not really.  I've been listening to them for years.  Most of them don't even know what they're talking about.  I think you could just throw out random numbers and none of them would know it."Just then an elderly gentleman sits next to him.  The guy decides to give it a try, so he looks over and asks, "So my friend.  Twenty eight."He replies, "Twenty eight?  Bah!  A hundred and thirteen.""Fifty-two.""Fifty-two?" The man raises his voice a little.  "Seventy three!"Not knowing what to say next, the man just spouts off random numbers.  "Eight nine""Eight""Ninety six.""A hundred and four!"The exchange continues back and forth.  Thirty-two.  Fifty Six.  Seventy nine.  One thirty three.  The old man stops and with a huge grin, he says "Ah ... very clever.  Very clever.  One thirty three.  But Sixteen.  You never considered sixteen. Checkmate."The guy, still clueless about what they just argued about, looks to the bartender, holds up his finger to motion for another drink and says, "One."At that moment, the bar goes silent.  They all look to the man.  The elderly gentleman is furious.  Enraged.  He stands up, and with as strong a punch any octogenarian can muster, he hits the guy as hard as he can, and storms out.  Stunned, the guy recomposes himself.  The bar goes back to their conversations, and he asks the bartender, "What the hell just happened?""That was Saul Greenberg, and you just said he's no better than Hitler."
A Nazi walks into a Bar ... Mitzvah
A horse walks into a bar The bartender says "What do you want?"The horse unable to understand English shits itself and runs out.
A neutron walks into a bar and says "how much for a drink?" The bartender says, "for you, no charge!"
A marketing executive walks into a bar I guess it was set too low.
An Irishman walks into a bar and orders three beers. The bartender gives him a strange look, but serves him his drinks. The Irishman takes them to a booth, clinks them together, and drinks them all. He then goes back to the bartender and orders another three beers, which he proceeds to drink in the same fashion.On his third round, the bartender can't help but ask him "excuse me sir, I couldn't help but notice that your order your drinks in threes, if you don't mind telling me, I was wondering why that is"The Irishman grins and says "Well, I just moved here from me hometown. When me and me two best mates split ways, we agreed that we'd always have a drink for each other when we went out, so that we always drink together." The bartender nods understandingly, and serves him his drinks.The Irishman keeps up this routine, coming to the bar at least twice a week and ordering three drinks at a time.One day the Irishman walks in, solemnly makes his way to bar, and orders two beers. The patrons and the bartender all see this, and they assume that something terrible has happened to one of his friends. However, they don't want to disturb him in his time of grief, so they refrain from asking him anything.When he goes to order his second round, the bartender can't help but remark "I'm so sorry for your loss". The Irishman looks up and says "Me loss!? What in tarnation are ye talking aboot?"The bartender says "Well when you bought two drinks, I assumed that one of your friends had passed"The Irishman laughs and says "No, nothing of the sort. I quit drinking is all".
A horse walks into a bar People begin to quickly, but calmly leave the bar as they realize the potential danger of the situation.
A pirate walks into a bar.. With a wheel on his crotch. The bar tender says "Aye, what's with the wheel?"Pirate says "arrrrrghhhhhh, it be driving me nuts" 
A man walks into a barbershop and says, do you cut pubic hair? The Barber, a little taken back, says, "well, sure, why not?" The man bares his teeth and says, "Great. Can you get this one?"
A guy walks into a bar ...and tells the bartender "Give me anything but a Budweiser." So the bartender hands him a beer, the man drinks it, and leaves.Next day, man comes in and says "Give me anything but a Budweiser." Bartender gives him a beer, the man drinks it, and leaves.Next day, he comes back with the same request. The bartender is obviously very curious at this points. So he asks "What is the problem with Budweiser?"The man answers "Well, I once drank 20 Budweisers, went home, and blew chunks."The bartender laughs and says "That would happen to anyone after drinking 20 of any beer."The man looks around sheepishly and whispers "Chunks is my dog's name."
A blind man walks into a bar and a table... and a chair.
A man walks into a bar waving his gun around A man walks into the bar waving his gun around yelling, "I have 45 calibre Colt 1911 with a seven round magazine plus one in the chamber and I want to know who's been sleeping with my wife!" A voice from the back of the room called out, "You're gonna need more ammo!"
A man walks into a bar One man says, "give me some h2o"A second man walks in and says, "give me some h2o too"The second man dies.
A man walks into a bar and takes a seat. He later gets arrested for petty theft.
A guy walks into a bar And sees 3 pieces of meat hanging from the ceiling. The guy asks,“What’s this about?” The bartender replies,“Well, if you can jump up and slap the meat,you get free drinks for the rest of the night. Ifyou miss, you pay for everyone’s drinks for thenext hour. You wanna do it?” The guy replies,“Nah, the steaks are too high.”
A set of jumper cables walks into a bar. The bartender says, "I'll serve you, but don't start anything."
A piece of string walks into a bar "Hi, I'd like to be served please." Says the string."We cannot serve you, as you are only a string." Said the bartender.Upset, the string comes out of the bar, tears apart his ends, and walks back inside."Hi, I'd like to be served please." Says the string."Aren't you just the string I said I won't serve?" The bartender asks.The string says "Nope, I'm a frayed knot!"
A pirate captain walks into a bar ...with a peg leg, a steering wheel hanging from his pants, and a parrot on his shoulder. Bartender: "Excuse me Captain, but you have a steering wheel hanging from your pants!" Pirate: "Arrrrr, I know. It's driving me nuts."
René Descartes walks into a bar. The bartender asks if he'd like a beer."I think not."and he promptly vanished from existence.
A tough, old cowboy walks into a bar with a gun in his holster He trips upon entering the bar and his gun fires, with the bullet hitting him in the foot. His big toe is taken off, laying on the floor in a pool of blood. The cowboy limps up to the bar and asks for a shot of whiskey. The bartender stares at him and says, "You just shot yourself in the foot, go to a doctor!"The cowboy looks at him and says, "Give me some whiskey, and quit being lacktoes intolerant!"Edit: spelling
A guy walks into a bar He says ouch
Argon walks into a bar. The bartender says "we don't serve noble gases here."  Argon doesn't react.
An infectious disease walks into a bar.  Barman says, “we don't serve your type here”. Infectious disease replies, “well, you are not a very good host.”
A man walks into a bar with a suitcase.. ..and orders a drink. Bored, he opens his suitcase and takes out a piano and sets it on the table. Then he reaches back into the suitcase and takes out a tiny man in a tuxedo. The tiny man immediately starts playing the piano. The bartender is impressed. He says, " Wow! Thats amazing! Where did you get that?" .The man explains that he found a Jinni's lamp in the sand and when he rubbed it, a Jinni emerged and promised to fulfill one wish.Surprised, the bartender asked, " Do you still have the lamp? Can i give it a try?""Sure", says the man and reaches out to his suitcase and pulls out a beautiful golden copper lamp.The bartender takes the lamp and rubs it. Sure enough, a Jinni appears and grants the bartender one wish. The bartender says, " Umm.. i wanna be rich..i want a million bucks!" . POOF!! Suddenly the bar is filled with ducks. A MILLION ducks."Heyy!!" , exclaims the bartender, " I asked for a million bucks, not ducks!! Is your Jinni hard of hearing or something?!"To which the man says , " You dont really think i wished for a 12 inch pianist, do you?"
A bear walks into a bar in Bedford, TX He takes a seat at the bar as the bartender reluctantly walks over to him. "How can I help you?" He asks."I need a beer, I've had a horrible day..." says the bear, somewhat discouraged."Well sir, I'm sorry but we don't serve bears beer in Bedford, TX." replies the bar keep."I understand the law, but I'm really having an awful day! I won't bother anyone... come on!" The bear is getting a little frustrated at this point."Mr. Bear, I wish I could oblige but the law is the law."The bear, now starting to get irritated, spots a female at the other end of the bar who is enjoying a cold one herself. "LOOK MAN... I'm not looking for any trouble. Give me a beer or I'm going to go over there and EAT THAT BITCH sitting at the end of the bar!!"The bartender is a little taken aback, but decides to stick to his guns. "Look here bear, I already told you we don't serve bears beer in Bedford, TX! You ain't gonna sway me into breaking the law!"Aggravated, the bear walks to the end of the bar and eats the lady. Pleased with his display of dominance, he sits back down and stares at the bartender. "I tried to warn you! Give me that fucking beer before anyone else gets hurt.""Like I said, we don't serve bears beer in Bedford, TX. Especially if they are high on drugs!"The bear looks puzzled. "What the hell? I'M NOT HIGH ON DRUGS!""The hell you are! That was a BARBITURATE!"
A Russian walks into a bar one, night holding a gun ... he goes to the bartender and starts shouting.I KNOW HE'S HERE. HE HAS TO BE. WHO'S THE GODFORSAKEN BASTARD THAT STOLE MY MONKEY?The bartender, stunned, tried calming him down. But to no avail, the man cocked his gun and shot him point-blank in the forehead. People started screaming.NOBODY'S LEAVING UNTIL I FIND THE BASTARD THAT STOLE MY MONKEY. He shot a few rounds into the ceiling and headed towards a table where a few drowsy men were finishing their drinks. He shoots one of them and bellows like an animal.WHO STOLE MY MONKEY? TELL ME NOW OR MINE'LL BE THE LAST FACE YOU'LL EVER SEE IN THIS LIFE. After a few stutters from the gobsmacked guys at the table, he shot rounds into each one's chest and spread them around the table.WHO STOLE MY MONKEY!As if to avoid falling over himself, he jolted towards the gypsy band that froze in a dark corner of the bar after the first shot was fired. He stared with cold eyes into the face of the lead singer and asked him the same obsessive question.DO YOU KNOW WHO STOLE MY MONKEY?The lead gypsy looks at the Russian, then at his band, then at the Russian again and replies YES BOSS, OF COURSE!The gypsy band starts playing and the lead starts voicing a high tempo tune:OH TELL ME LORD WHO STOLE MY MONKEEEEEY...
A man walks into a bar ...and says "ouch"Someone should move that.
A mushroom walks into a bar Bartender says, "We don't serve mushrooms."Mushroom says, "But I'm a fun guy."Bartender says, "I just said we don't serve fungi."Mushroom says, "No, no, not 'fungi', 'fun guy.' I made a pun."Bartender says, "Get the fuck out of my bar."
A blind man walks into a bar and a table... and a chair.
A woman walks into a bar and asks for a double entendre So the barman gives her one
A bear walks into a bar ... goes up to the barman and says "I'd like a gin and tonic .............. and a packet of peanuts". The barman says "Sure, but why the big pause?". The bear holds up his hands and says, "These? Hey, I was born with them".
A man walks into a bar He sees a sign that reads, "cheese sandwich: $1.50, chicken sandwich: $2.50, hand job: $10." The man beckons to the sexy waitress and says, "are you the one who does the hand jobs?""Yes," she purrs, "I am.""Well wash your freaking hands," the man says, "I want a cheese sandwich!"
A man walks into a bar and finds an octopus sitting on a stool The bartender tells the man "This octopus is really special. You can give it any instrument and it will play it better than any human ever has."So the guy needs to test this out. Luckily the bar keeps some instruments on hand for just that purpose. The man grabs a guitar and brings it to the octopus. Sure enough, it plays incredibly, the best guitar-playing the man has ever seen.The man goes and gets a violin and gives it to the octopus. Again, the octopus plays it amazingly, a virtuoso far beyond anything the man has seen before.The man has to try one more time. He saw something that surely the octopus would be vexed by -  he grabs a set of bagpipes and brings it to the octopus. The octopus finally seems perplexed, just fiddling around with the bagpipes in confusion. Satisfied, the man says "Ha! I knew you wouldn't be able to play it!"The octopus looks at him and says "Play it? I was gonna fuck it once I got the pajamas off of it." 
A man walks into a bar He sits down to have a pint and notices lumps of meat hanging above the bar.He asks the barman, "What's with the meat hanging here?"The barman explains... "Well if you can jump up and hit the meat, you get a free drink, but if you miss, you have to buy everyone a round. What do you say?"The man say, "Hmm no, the steaks are too high."
A pirate walks into a bar with a steering wheel in his pants. When the bartender points it out, the pirate replies "Arrrgh, it's been driving me nuts all day."
A man walks into a bar  ... and tells the bartender, "*Quick! Give me a shot of whiskey before the trouble starts!*"The bartender pours the drink, patron downs it, looks around, and repeats, "*Quick! Give me another shot before the trouble starts!*".This goes on again and again for 9 more shots. Finally the bartender asks, "*When is the trouble going to start?*"The man says, "*When you find out I don't have any money.*"
An introvert walks into a bar Then immediately walks out because fuck that shit.
A software engineer walks into a bar. He sits down and sees the bartender yelling at the computer when trying to process a customer's order."Why are you yelling at the computer?" the engineer asks."Nothing is working! The software on the computer is riddled with bugs!" responds the bartender.The engineer takes a look at the computer and notices the software it is running was actually written by himself a few years earlier. Immediately, he gets offended."Those aren't bugs!" the engineer yelled. "Those are alternative features!"
A guy walks into a bar with an ostrich He sits down at a table and orders a meal for him and his bird. After the meal, and the check was delivered, the waitress noticed the man pulled out his wallet and dumped the exact amount of the bill onto the table plus a generous whole number tip. She was surprised but grateful so didn't mention anything.When him and his bird came in again the next night, he ordered a different meal for him and the ostrich, some drinks and a dessert to share. After the check was delivered the gentleman pulled out his wallet and dumped the exact amount of money to cover the bill and still leave a generous whole number tip. Bewildered, but not wanting to be rude, the waitress again said nothing.The third night the man came in with his ostrich once more, ordered an appetizer, some more drinks, and two more entrees different than before. The waitress brought over the check again and watched closely as the man pulled open his wallet and dumped the contents out, which as expected before, was the perfect amount."How do you do it??" She asked, curiosity getting the best of her."Well if you believe me, I once was trapped in the desert close to death when I stumbled upon a magic lamp. The genie inside granted me 3 wishes! My 1st wish was to get out the desert so I'd live. The 2nd was to have a wallet that would always have the exact amount of money that I need..."The waitress interrupted excitedly: "And your 3rd wish was for a magic ostrich?!"The man laughed, "No my dear, it was for a chick with long legs!"
Chuck Norris walks into a bar Edit: a bar walks into Chuck Norris
A man walks into a bar in Bangkok a sign reads: Cheese Sandwich: $1.50Chicken Sandwich: $2.50Hand Job: $10.00The man walks up to a barmaid.Man: Are you the one who gives the hand jobs?Barmaid: Why, yes. That's me.Man: Then go wash your hands! I want a cheese sandwich.
A man walks into a bar and orders a drink, when suddenly he hears someone say, "Hey, nice tie!" The man looks up to try to find out who said it, but no one was around. "Hey! Nice shirt!" The man looks up again, but there's nobody there. "Hey! Nice suit!" The man then calls the bartender over and asks him if he keeps talking to him. The bartender replies, "It's not me; it's the complimentary peanuts." 
Ghost walks into a bar Bartender says sorry we don't serve spirits here.
Jay Leno walks into a bar. Bartender says "Why the really long face?"
A diplomat walks into a bar, orders a beer and sits next to another patron. They get to talking and the topic of careers comes up."I'm a government official" says the diplomat.  "I travel the world,  negotiating trade deals and brokering peace agreements.  It's an amazing job.""Shit" says the other patron,  "I'm just an electrician, I'm nowhere near that important!"   "Not at all" the diplomat replied. "We both must stay informed on the same matters. You sound like you're just as plugged in to current affairs."
A pirate walks into a bar With a ships wheel attached to the front of his pants. The bartender says "Hey captain did you know you have a wheel on your crotch?" The captain growls and says "Arg it's driving me nuts!"
A blind man walks into a bar. then a table, and then a chair.
A man walks into a bar The man is a muslim and the bar is in the U.S. 
Clown walks into a bar and says, "Bartender, give me a treehouse."Bartender says, "A treehouse, what's in a treehouse?"Clown says, "Playboys and cigars, of course!"
A skeleton walks into a bar ...he orders a beer and a mop.
A man walks into a bar. His alcohol dependency is tearing his family apart.
So a priest walks into a bar Looks at the ugly walls,  and says to the bartender:"My son,  you must repaint". 
A guy walks into a bar Ouch. 
A cowboy walks into a bar A cowboy, who just moved to Wyoming from Texas , walks into a bar and orders three mugs of Bud. He sits in the back of the room, drinking a sip out of each one in turn. When he finishes them, he comes back to the bar and orders three more. The bartender approaches and tells the cowboy, "You know, a mug goes flat after I draw it. It would taste better if you bought one at a time." The cowboy replies, "Well, you see, I have two brothers. One is in Arizona , the other is in Colorado . When we all left our home in Texas , we promised that we'd drink this way to remember the days when we drank together. So I'm drinking one beer for each of my brothers and one for myself." The bartender admits that this is a nice custom, and leaves it there. The cowboy becomes a regular in the bar, and always drinks the same way. He orders three mugs and drinks them in turn. One day, he comes in and only orders two mugs. All the regulars take notice and fall silent. When he comes back to the bar for the second round, the bartender says, "I don't want to intrude on your grief, but I wanted to offer my condolences on your loss." The cowboy looks quite puzzled for a moment, then a light dawns in his eyes and he laughs. "Oh, no, everybody's just fine," he explains, "It's just that my wife and I joined the Baptist Church and I had to quit drinking. Hasn't affected my brothers though." 
A blind man walks into a bar And a table... then a chair... 
Pirate walks into a bar with a steering wheel in his pants. Bartender says "Hey Mr. Pirate, ya know you have a steering wheel in your pants?"Pirate says "Yarrrrr, it's driving me nuts."
A man walks into a bar with his dog and orders two glasses of whiskey. He proposes a toast and both he and his dog empty their glasses. The girl behind the bar is surprised and asks: 'Can your dog perform other tricks?'. 'But of course', the man answers, 'he can even gratify a woman'. Anxious to know more the girl leads the man and the dog into a little room above the bar. She undresses and full of expectation she lies down on the bed. The dog looks at her and does nothing, and the man then shouts to the dog, 'OK. Just ONE more time, let me show you how it's done".
Horse walks into a bar ..Barman: "Why the long face?"
A man walks into a bar with a newt on his shoulder The bartender says "What a strange pet, what's his name?""Tiny." the man replies."What an odd name, why do you call him tiny?""Because he's my newt."
A Zwitterion walks into a bar.The bartender asks him about his job.The Zwitterion says, "Eh, there's some positives and negatives about it".
An SEO Expert walks into a bar, bars, beer garden, hangout, lounge, nightclub, mini bar, bar stool, tavern, pub, beer, wine, whiskey.
A feminist and a fascist walks into a bar She orders a glass of wine
Trump walks into a bar. Because it was set so low.
Guy walks into a bar. A guy walks into a bar and sits down. The bartender notices the guy and says "are you okay? You look terrible!" The guy says "yeah, i had kind of a rough night last night. I drank way too much and blew chunks." "Well that doesn't sound so bad" says the bartender. And then the guy says "no you don't understand. Chunks is my dog." 
A Pirate walks into a bar A pirate walks into a bar with a steering wheel jammed in the front of his pants, and asks the bartender for a drink. The bartender says "Sure, but what's with the steering wheel in your pants?" The Pirate gives him a serious look and says " Arrgh, It's driving me nuts!"
A man walks into a bar.. ..he orders 3 shots when he realizes he needs to go take a pissHe steps next to a guy and while doing his job, he sees that the other guys dick is absurdly huge.The guy with a huge dick asks: "Would you like to have an enormous dick like I do?"The other guy nods hastily."Okay, then listen carefully! Wait until midnight, then go to the crossroad outside the village. Take the leftroad, walk about 5 minutes and then youll see a huge stone on the side of the road. On that stone will be sitting a huge toad. You will ask the toad: "Hello beautiful, would you like to have sex with me?".The toad will respond: "NO!". And suddenly, your dick grows 4 inches!"The man doesnt believe at first, but seeing as hes been mocked by women his entire life, he decides to give it a try.He waits until midnight, goes to the crossroad, takes the left road, walks for 5 minutes and he sees a huge toad on a huge stone. He cant believe his eyes, but he maintains calm enough to ask: "Hello beautiful, would you like to have sex with me?" The toad responds: "NO!"The man hurries home, rushes into the bathroom, pulls down his pants and he cant believe what he sees - his dick is now 4 inches longer! He is mesmerized - yet not satisfied.The next day, the man decides to try his luck again. He waits until midnight, goes to the crossroad, takes the left road, walks for 5 minutes and he sees the huge toad once again. And once again he asks:"Hello beautiful, would you like to have sex with me?"And once again, the toad responds: "NO!"The man can already feel his dick grow up in the pants, and he is jumping with joy! "Just 4 more inches, and it will be just perfect!", he thinks.So the next day, he once again waits until midnight, goes to the crossroad, takes the left road, walks for 5 minutes and he sees the huge toad once again sitting on the huge stone. And once again he asks:"Hello beautiful, would you like to have sex with me?"And the toad responds:"Are you fucking deaf?! No, no, no, no, and for the last time, NO!"
A woman walks into a bar and he sees a man sitting by the bar, drinking his beer.The woman observes the man as he drinks his beer, and when he gets up to leave, the woman approaches him.Woman: "Do you come here regularly?"Man: "Yes."Woman: "And how many times do you come here per week?"Man: "Every day."Woman: "And how many beers do you drink every time you come here?"Man: "About 3."Woman: "How long have you been coming here for?"Man: "About 5 years."Woman: "So you've come here every day of the year, which is 365 days, times 5 years, so 1825 days. You drink 3 beers every day, which is 5475 beers in the last 1825 days. And each beer is 15$, so that's 82125$. If you didn't drink beer for the last 5 years, you could have bought a Ferrari by now!"Man: "Do you drink beer?"Woman: "No."Man: "Then where's your Ferrari?"
A man walks into a bar And it really fucking hurt actually. 
A man walks into a bar ... and stays there my entire childhood.
A guy walks into a bar in West Virginia and orders a white wine. All the hillbillies sitting around the bar look up from their beer and whiskey,expecting to see some pitiful Yankee from the north. The bartender says, "You ain't from around here, are ya?" The guy says, "No, I'm from Canada." " Canada " The bartender says, "What do you do in Canada?" The guy says, "I'm a taxidermist." The bartender says, "A taxidermist? What in the hell is a taxidermist? Do you drive a taxi?" "No," says the Canadian "I don't drive a taxi, I mount animals." The bartender grins and hollers, "It's okay boys. He's one of us."
Reddit walks into a bar and pulls out its giant tool the bartender says, "ma'am, we dont allow severed penises as payment"
A pirate walks into a bar with a steering wheel on his crotch, and he sits down at the bar.The bartender says "Sir, did you know you have a steering wheel on your crotch?"The Pirate says "Yeah I know, it's drivin' me nuts"
A man walks into a bar and sees 3 pieces of meat hanging from the ceiling The guy asks, "What's this about?" The bartender replies, "Well, if you can jump up and slap the meat, you get free drinks for the rest of the night. If you miss, you pay for everyone's drink for the next hour. You wanna do it?" The guy replies, "Nah the steaks are too high".
So a neutron walks into a bar ...And he asks the bartender "How much for a drink?"The bartender replies, "For you? Free of charge"
Einstein walks into a bar The bartender says "Run, everyone! It's a zombie!"
René Descartes walks into a bar. The bartender asks, "Would you care for a drink?"Descartes replies, "Hmm, I think not."René Descartes does not exist.
Harambe walks into a bar Bartender: What will you be drinking?Harambe: I'll have a beerMe: No, he'll have just iceBartender: Just ice?Me: Yes. Justice for Harambe.
A man walks into a bar and treads in a massive dog shit, annoyed he orders himself a drink. Another man walks into the bar and steps in the same giant shit. The first man says "I did that' the second man grabs him by the neck and rubs his nose in it. 
A horse walks into a bar Bartender asks 'Why the long face?'.
A man walks into a bar and sees 2 women drinking.He asks: "Are you two from Scotland?"They reply "It's WALES you idiot!"He says: "Sorry, are you two women from Wales?"They say "Yes" because this isn't a repost.
A horse walks into a bar ... and I quickly leave, realizing the danger of the situation
A man walks into a bar. .....and sees a sign behind the bar, "free drinks for life if you can pass the three trails". Curious by this the man asks the bartender what the trails are."First you have to chug a fifth of fire water. Then we have an alligator with a sore tooth in the back and you have to remove the tooth. Lastly, we have a virgin upstairs and you have to sleep with her."Giving it some thought he decides against it. As the night continues and liquid courage  begins to take effect be decides to try the trails. He begins to chug the fire water, tears streaming down his face. The bartender then brings him to the back room, after a few minutes horrible sounds eminent from the room and then silence. The man comes out the room and the bartender leads him upstairs. Again a few minutes pass and then horrific sounds come from upstairs. After a few minutes pass the man comes down with a look of pride upon his face."I drank your fire water, had sex with your alligator, and pulled the sore tooth from your virgin."
A beautiful woman walks into a bar. The barman asks, “What’ll you have?” She replies, “I’d like a double entendre, please.” So he gave her one.
Jesus walks into a bar.. "Just 13 waters please."*Winks at his disciples*
a redditor walks into a bar.. He walks up to the bar and orders a beer, to his left is a drunk in a cheep suit and a tweed hat absolutely pissed as a parrot and hunched over on the bar, to his right is man-mountain of a chap in black riding leathers embellished with Harley Davidson emblems and standing close to 3 foot wide and 7 foot tall. Our hero received his beer, picked it up and said "Tickle your arse with a feather!" And took a sip of his beer. The giant biker turned to him and snarled "WHAT DID YOU SAY?" To which he replied "Particularly nasty weather!" As he gestured with his glass in a friendly manner. The biker immediately cooled his jets and grumbled "Hmmf yeah" and turned back to the bar as our hero wandered off to sit in a booth. Now the drunk guy had witnessed the whole thing and thought it was absolutely brilliant, he decides to give it a go and moves over a space to be next to the biker. He then, a little louder than necessary, says "Shove a feather up your arse!" The biker turns around, grabs him by the collar and says "WHAT WAS THAT?" The drunk lifts his hat and with a smile says "Cunt of a day isn't it?"
Jesus walks into a bar "Just 12 waters please", while winking at his disciples. 
A man walks into a bar and sees a jar of coins The man asks the bartender what the jar of coins is for. The bartender tells the man that they have a horse in the stable out back, and if the man can make the horse laugh, he gets to keep the jar of coins which is full to the brim, but has to pay $1 for every attempt at making the horse laugh. The man decides to have a go and sure enough, leaves the stable with the horse laughing hysterically. He finishes his drink and takes the jar home with him.Fast forward a couple months, the man enters the bar again to see that the jar is full. He asks the bartender if he can have another go at making the horse laugh. The bartender says he can, but this time he has to make the horse cry. Again, the man enters the stable, and upon leaving, the bartender notices that the horse is crying. As the man picks up the jar of coins, the bartender asks - "So how did you do it? No one has ever managed to achieve it!" The man replies: "Well you see, the first time i told the horse my penis was bigger than his""The second time, I showed him."
A man walks into a bar And sits down and announces to the bartender that he can tell the age of any scotch just by drinking it. The bartender thinks this guy is full of shit so he goes and gets the cheap 12 year stuff and pours a glass. The guy takes it, sniffs it, and takes a drink. He then proclaims, "well that's a 12 year old glass of scotch".The bartender think it's just a lucky guess so he goes and gets a 20 year old bottle and pours the guy a drink. The guy takes it, sniffs it, and takes a drink. He then says, "oh well that's a 20 year old glass of scotch".So now the bartender is kinda impressed so he goes into the back cabinet and gets a nice 45 year old bottle that he keeps for special occasions. He pours the guy a drink and then hands it to him. The man takes it, sniffs it, and drinks it. He proclaims, "well that's a 45 year old bottle of scotch!". The bartender is now amazed and a small crowd is beginning to form. The bartender goes in the back room and takes out the 75 year old bottle of scotch. He pours the glass in the backroom so there's no chance this man can see the label. He hands the guy the drink and once again: he takes it, sniffs it, and drinks it. The man then correctly proclaims, "that's a 75 year old bottle of scotch!". Now the bar is in a slight uproar and the man has a big grin on his face. A man from the crowd goes, "Hear try this one!". The man takes it and drinks it right away and exclaims, "ugh this tastes like piss!". The man from the crowd responds, "Good! Now how old am I?"
A christian walks into a bar, then a jew walks into a bar, then a muslim walks into an ALLAHU AKBARBOOM
A man walks into a bar and had a big Blue head He sits down, orders a drink. The bartender eyes him warily, but gets him what he wants. The man sits sipping the drink, idly watching the soccer game on the bar television. After a while, he runs dry and orders another.*"Tell you what,"* says the bartender, *"this next one's on the house -- but you've got to tell me what happened to your head. I don't mean to be rude there, but..."*The man smiles. *"No, not at all. I get this all the time...*...Well, it started with the Gulf War. I was a young kid fresh out of high school, but I was poor. I needed money for college, and the Army looked like a good way out of the ghetto. But then they shipped me over to Kuwait. My platoon took some heavy fire during Desert Storm, and I was separated from them.I wandered the desert for days, with only the contents of my pack to sustain me. Sand. Sand was all I could think about. Everything else ceased to exist out there. I can only progress slowly, because I have to hide in my tent every time when even the smallest sandstorm comes around. I kept thinking, may be there are not just oases, nomads, and pompous cities in this desert. Supposedly there are ancient ruins as well. But until now now I only found lonely pillars scattered around the desert. Still my hopes were not disappointed, for now. I found a group of nomads, who were exceptionally friendly and hospitable. I decided to spend some time with them, before I set out again. Things went well, but I had nightmares on most nights. All the wandering in the desert must have exhausted me so much. I dreamt of large desert scorpion made of sand, some times it would be a large eagle chasing me into a big labyrinth.During one such sleepless night, I saw a mysterious man. Exhausted and wounded, was seeking refuge in our camp. Just before dying, he told me about a river whose waters bestow immortality on whoever drinks from it. The river is next to a place called the City of the Immortals. Determined to find it, I thanked my nomad friends and set out to find this City. The days were uneventful, but the nights began to terrify me. I know that the majority of deserts are rife with life. But it is frightening to hear the sand move in the silence of night. And sometimes I found footprints in the morning near my tent, and they were definitively human. Maybe someone is just following, maybe one of the kids of one of my nomadic friends. But they grew in number the closer I got to the city, and they are always fresh. And I also suddenly heard quiet whispering one night, only heard when I almost fell asleep. I woke up from the nightmare to find myself tied up in a small recess on the side of a mountain inhabited by Troglodytes. I don't know how I got there, but I managed to free myself and I could see the City of the Immortals in the distance. I assumed I can walk towards it, but one Troglodyte was already following me. I had to run as fast as I could to get away from him. At last I reached the City of the Immortals.The City of the Immortals is an immense labyrinth with dead-end passages, inverted stairways, and many chaotic architectural structures. I was Horrified and repulsed by the city, but decided to get inside, because the Troglodyte was chasing me. I eventually escaped the city only to find the Troglodyte waiting on the other side. I was exhausted. I didn't want to run anymore. I surrendered myself to him. To his will. But it turned out that he really was a Genie, and that the Troglodytes are the Immortals, having destroyed the original City of the Immortals and replaced it with the labyrinthine.'I am the Genie of the labyrinth' said the entity. 'For finding your way out of the labyrinth, I shall grant you three wishes. What is your first wish?'I was incredulous, of course. I deduced I must be hallucinating after all this running and exhaustion, and that this was desert madness. I decided to test the mirage. 'Alright,' I tasked it, 'I wish for a wallet with a million dollars in it, that I can never lose, and whenever I take any money out of it the sum is immediately replenished.''Your wish is granted!' said the Genie. I felt a bulge in one of my uniform pockets. Reaching in, I pulled out a new wallet, stuffed to bursting with crisp, new bills. I counted them -- sure enough, it was a million dollars. I ripped up the bills, cast them to the winds, and threw the wallet as hard as I could. The moment it was beyond my sight, it teleported instantaneously back to my pocket, refilled with another million dollars.'What is you second wish?'I pondered the notion for a long moment, assessing my needs. 'Genie,' I said, 'for my second wish, I want to be transported to a cool, abandoned palace, into a harem room with a hundred beautiful young virgins who will all fall madly in love with me at first sight, before a buffet table set with a feast fit for a Persian king.''Your wish is granted!' Poof! I found myself in a royal harem, escaped from the heat of the desert. All around me, nubile girls eyed me with keen interest. In front of me, every conceivable type of meat was roasted to perfect tenderness, set with all the appetizers, side-dishes, salads, soups, and desserts of the four corners of the globe.I dined until I was near-bloated, and then I had a lot of sex. I mean a lot. Several hours later, laying upon a bed of feathers, brown and blonde and red haired beauties nuzzling into me like puppies at their mother's underbelly, the Genie stood before me, looking down in satisfaction at his work so far.'What is your third wish?'I thought long and hard. Truly, this last wish tasked the very limits of my imagination, my beliefs, my ethics, my philosophy. Hours passed in silence, save for the gentle snoring of the ladies surrounding me.At last, I spoke. 'Genie, for my third wish, I want a big Blue head.' "
A man walks into a bar and says, "I'm a man." He meets a woman at the bar.He says, "I'm a man."He takes the woman homeHe says, "I'm a man."He takes her to bed.He says, "I'm a man."He asks her nameShe says **I'm a man!**
A man walks into a bar With a piece of asfalt in his hand, goes to the bartender and says "Ill take 2 beers, one for me and one for the road"
A man walks into a bar and goes up to the second story He orders a drink called the magic potion, drinks it, and jumps out the window and flies away. The guy who was sitting next to him asks the bartender what drink he had. The bar tender tells him it was the magic potion. The guy orders one, drinks it, and jumps out the window and lands on the ground. The first guy comes back in and the bartender says to him: "Superman, you can be a real jerk sometimes."
A superposition walks into a bar . . . . . . or ***did*** it???
A DNA molecule walks into a bar "What will it be?" asks the bartender. "ATCGGCAGGCTTCAGTTGCA" says the DNA molecule.
A guy walks into a bar.. I don't know what happens next. I was standing outside.
A guy with a monkey walks into a bar A guy with a monkey on his shoulder walks into a bar. No one really pays him any attention. He walks up to the bar and asks for a drink. The monkey gets off his shoulder and heads over to a pool table. The monkey picks up the cue ball and then eats it. "You're going to have to pay for another cue ball," the bartender says."Relax," the man says, "I will return with it in a few days."3 days later, the man comes back with his monkey and hands the bartender the cue ball. He then sits down and orders a drink. The monkey gets off his shoulder. It grabs a peanut, sticks it up its butt, and then eats it."Why did he do that?" the bartender asks.The man replies, "He likes to measure things now beforehand."
A woman walks into a bar… She sits down and orders a drink. "Just give me anything," she says. A female bartender, new on the job, notices the woman applying a thin layer of lipstick with trembling hands. "Are you… okay?" "What this? This ain't anything new." She pauses. "It's the crime. This town seems overrun by it. Every day there is a new bad guy and who do they call to straighten things out?""The police?" asks the bartender innocently."Try again." The patron takes out her phone and places it on an adjacent bar stool. Then she kicks off one of her stilettos and begins pecking at her smartphone with her big toe.The bewildered bartender whistles for her brother - owner and town local - to come check it out.Suddenly, a gust of wind blows into the bar revealing the patrons silky red cape. "What the… Is that a cape you're wearing?" the bartender asks with wide eyes. But the patron seemed too involved in her phone and trembling lipstick application to answer. "Say, what's your name?" the bartender asks. "Cali."Finally, the bartender's brother comes out from the kitchen. "Who is that?" she asks him pointing at Cali. He responds, "Who her? That's just Super Cali, Fragile Lipstick. Texting with her toe, sis."
A blind man walks into a bar and a table and a chair
An iPhone 7 walks into a bar  I'll have a Jack please!
A horse walks into a bar and says, “On a right-angled triangle with sides X, Y and Z, if X and Z are perpendicular, which side is opposite the right angle?” The bartender says, “Y, the long face.”
A panda walks into a bar.  He asks the bartender how he can get a little action forthe night. The bartender motions to a young woman. She talks to the panda, and they go back to her place. After having sex,the panda abruptly leaves. The next night, the woman goes to the panda's house."You owe me money," she says. "For what?" The woman rolls her eyes and explains, "I'm a prostitute." The panda pulls out a dictionary and looks it up:"Prostitute: Has sex for money." The panda says, "I don't have to pay you. I'm apanda. Look it up." She is about to protest when the panda hands her the dictionary. The woman looks up "panda" in the dictionary, and it reads,"Panda: Eats bush and leaves.
So a console gamer walks into a bar Then it renders
A German health inspector walks into a bar while playing Pokemon GO He asks to see under the floorboards.The bartender replies, "Why?"The German health inspector replies, "Wynaut?"
A Slug Walks into a Barbershop A barber, a barber who's wits have long left him and his sight is in a poor state, is in his shop when a customer walks in, he says “I am a slug”. The Barber looks at him and says “well slugs don’t need a barber what are you doing in here? You’re covered in slime and your body is rubbery and hairless, I cannot do anything for you?”. The customer ignores him and sits in the chair, and demands that the barber get on with the job, the barber obliges, thinking on his feet decides all he can do is do a shampoo and condition. So he lathers up the shampoo and hopes that he isn’t too grossed out by the mixing of the mucus lubricant sliding over the sinewy flesh of the customer sat before him. He finishes up and tells him the price, he obliges and hands over some cash, the barber sorts out change and looks up to see a bald man in front of him. Startled the barber says “but I thought you were a slug?” the man says “no I said I was sluggish”. 
A vegan walks into a bar And orders a salad.
A duck walks into a bar Duck: "Got any bread?"Barman: "No."Duck: "Got any bread?"Barman: "No..."Duck: "Got any bread?"Barman: "No, we don't..."Duck: "Got any bread?"Barman: "**No**, we haven't got any fucking bread!"Duck: "Got any bread?"Barman: "If you ask me again, I'll nail your fucking beak to the bar!"Duck: "Got any nails?"Barman: "No..."Duck: "Got any bread?"
A man walks into a bar And orders 7 shots of Jack Daniels. The bartender turns away for a moment and all the shots are all gone."Wow! You drink fast!" The bartender says."You'd drink like that too if you if you had what I have." The man replied."What do you have?" The bartender asked."An iPhone 7." The man replied."I see." The bartender smiled. "That explains the 7 missing Jack."
A man walks into a bar And he immediately orders 7 shots and a beer for a chaser. The bartender lines up the seven shots and goes to get the beer. When the bartender returned, all 7 shots were gone! The bartender says, "Wow, you sure drank those shots fast!"The man says, "You'd drink fast too if you had what I have.""What do you have?" Asks the bartender.Then man reaches in his pocket and slaps his hand on the bar and exclaims, "Fifty cents!"
Harambe walks into a bar Bartender: What can I get for you?Harambe: Just ice for Harambe.Bartender: Sorry, we're out of ice. Best I can give you is a shot.
A mathematician walks into a bar and says "I want √2 beers" The bartender tells him "You're being irrational"
A man walks into a bar with a 3 gallon bucket He asks the bartender if he could fill it up with beer. The bartender says "sure" and fills it up. The guy pays for it and leaves. 20 minutes later the guy comes back with the same bucket and asks the bartender if he'll fill it up again. The bartender says "sure but if you don't mind me asking what are you doing with all this beer?" The guy says "well it's a really hot day and I wanted to give my mule a treat." The bartender says "you know that's a real humane thing to do. Just for that you can have a drink on the house." The guy says "no thanks. I never drink and drive."
Duck walks into a bar Asks the bartender if he has any milk.  Bartender informs him he doesn't serve milk, so the duck leaves.  The following day the duck returns to the bar and asks the bartender if he has any milk, the bartender informs the duck he has no milk, so the duck leaves again.  The next day the duck comes back into the bar and asks for bartender for some milk.  The bartender being annoyed with this duck informs the duck: "I told you the past few days that I don't have any milk.  If you come in again and ask me for milk, I will nail you to the floor!"  The next day the duck comes in and asks the bartender "you got nails?", to which the bartender says "no, why?".  The duck responds with "Got Milk?"
A bloke walks into a bar with his gorilla and the barman asks "What drink can I get you?" "Just ice for Harambe"
A weasel walks into a bar And asks for a beer. The bartender says "we can't serve alcohol to you.""I'll just take a pop" goes the weasel.
A blind man walks into a bar, orders a drinkand says, "Hey! Does anyone want to hear ablonde joke?" Then the woman next to himtaps his shoulder and says, "Listen mister, I'm abodybuilder, 5 foot 9 of pure muscle, and I'mblonde. The bouncer over there, he's a martialarts expert and his hands are registered aslethal weapons! He's blonde too! And thebartender, she's 6 foot 2, is a roller derby starand is also a blonde! So do you still wannatell that blonde joke?" To which the blindman replies..."Well not if I gotta explain it three times!"
A nun walks into a bar She says to the bartender, "I'll have a gin and tonic.  But I have no cash.  May I pay you in bus tokens?"The bartender says "Sure!  Bus tokens are as good as cash.  But why do you have so many bus tokens?"So the nun rips off her habit and says "Ha, ha! I'm really the bus driver!"
Stevie Wonder walks into a bar Then a table, then a chair. 
An amnesiac walks into a bar ...and sees a beautiful woman sitting alone. After having a few drinks to get his courage up, he approaches her and asks, "Hey gorgeous, do I come here often?"
This guy walks into a bar in Redneck county and orders a white wine. Everybody sitting around the bar looks up, surprised, and the bartender looks around and says: "You ain't from around here, are ya... where ya from, boy?"The guy says, "I"m from England."The bartender asks, "What th' hell you do in England?"The guy responds, "I"m a taxidermist."The bartender asks, "A taxidermist... now just what th' hell is a taxidermist?"The guy says "I mount animals."The bartender grins and shouts out to the whole bar, "It"s OK boys, he's one of us!"
A man walks into a bar And sees a small man playing a beautiful melody on a piano. "So what happened here?" the man asks. "Rub this lamp and a genie will come out." So the man walks out and rubs the lamp and a genie pops out. "Thanks for releasing me, you may have one wish." The man thinks for a minute, "I'd like a million bucks!" Suddenly a cacophony of quacking could be heard and overhead a large flock of ducks start shitting out money. The man collects the cash and runs in. He sees the bartender standing there bollock naked, showing his very impressive manhood. "I'm pledging my support for Harambe don't mind me. How did it work out?" "Fantastic," the man replied, "I got a million bucks! Thank goodness the genie wasn't hard of hearing!" "Yeah they usually are, but I mean what the fuck would I do with a 10 inch penis? My penis is at least double that length after I had that operation and the genie got rid of my stutter. At least a 10 inch pianist brings in the customers, both for the novelty and for the music so it's great from a business perspective. Anyway what would you like?""Just ice please.""Just ice?""Yeah, just ice for Harambe."
A Horse walks into a bar There is a ghost serving behind the bar. "Oh" said the horse; "I thought that I was the only implausible part of this joke.""Well no I'm afraid you're not" replied the ghost; "though I do respect your ability to recognise yourself as being a fictional character in a joke." The horse thought about that for a moment."It's not a very good joke though is it?""I feel like it's bad form to criticise the joke within the joke itself." Said the ghost; "I think it's quite clever in a post-modern self-referential kind of way.""I don't think so." Said the horse. "I think it's shit." He then left the bar and immediately  hanged himself from the nearest lamp-post. The Ghost drifted outside to have a look. "Oh dear" he said to himself, "This is a depressing turn of events. I suppose this was always really a tragedy only ever masquerading as a comedy. The usual forms of story-telling are really being messed with today." The ghost then began to furiously masturbate while staring directly at the horse's bloated corpse in the vain hope that it would provide some kind of serviceable punch-line. 
A man walks into a bar and orders 10 pints of lager followed by 12 shots of vodka The barman then watches, amazed, as the bloke downs them one after the other. Recovering, the customer says:'I shouldn't have done that with what I've got.''What have you got?' Asked the barman.The customer looked at him guiltily. 'Oh, about two dollars.'
A woman walks into a bar and asks the bartender for a double entendre So he gave it to her.
A cowboy walks into a bar and takes a seat next to a very attractive woman He gives her a quick glance, then causally looks at his watch for a moment. The woman notices this and asks, "Is your date running late?""No." he replies "I just got this state-of the-art watch, and I was just testing it." The intrigued woman says, "A state-of-the-art watch? What's so special about it?" The cowboy explains, "It uses alpha waves to talk to me telepathically."The lady says, "What's it telling you now?""Well, it says you're not wearing any panties." The woman giggles and replies, "It must be broken because I *am* wearing panties!" The cowboy smiles, taps his watch and says, "Damn thing's an hour fast."
Stephen Hawking walks into a bar ... Just kidding 
So, a chubby man walks into a bar He was so chubby that he knocked over a few chairs when he took his seat. He orders a beer and begins to have a wonderful conversation with the bartender. The bartender is ecstatic to have met such an amazing person. Before he leaves the bartender asks him his name. The gentleman replies in a quite mischievous tone "It's Hugh, Mungus... ;)"
A guy walks into a bar. Inside the bar he sees a blonde sitting at the bar, she's intently watching the 10 pm news. The news story is about a man who's standing atop a building, preparing to jump. The guy says to the blond "I bet you $50 he'll jump". The blonde takes the bet and continuous to watch. 

Some time later, the man on the building jumps. The guy turns to the blonde and says "I'm sorry but I can't take your money. I watched this on the 6 pm news and knew he would jump". The blonde replies "I watched it at 6 pm too, but I didn't think he'd jump again"edit: Added a word.
So a piece of string walks into a bar after a really hard day at work He sits down and says, "bartender I've had a really hard day. I need a drink"And the bartender says, "what? You're a string I can't serve you!"So the string walks out and then he gets an idea. He ties himself in a knot and undoes and messes up his ends. Then he goes back in and the bartender says, "hey aren't you that string that just came left?"To which he responds, "nope, I'm a frayed knot!"
A man walks into a bar That doesn't make cent
A bear walks into a bar. He says to the bartender "I'll have a gin...and tonic."  Bartender says "OK, but why the pause?""I was born with them."
A bear walks into a bar "A bear walks into a bar and says, "Bartender, I'd like a gin . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . and tonic." And the bartender says, "Sure, but what's with the big pause?"
A black man walks into a bar A black man walks into a noisy, crowded bar with a beautiful, multicolored parrot on his shoulder.As soon as he steps in, all noise suddenly ceases and everyone turns to stare at him.One man steps forward and asks, stunned: "Where did you get that?"The bar is quiet, save the creaks of seats as everyone leans in to hear the answer."Go to Africa," the parrot responds, "there's millions of them."
Charles Dickins walks into a bar and orders a Martini. The bartender says, Olive or Twist?
A man walks into a bar full of gorgeous women As he's waiting for his drink he keeps looking around the bar, not believing his luck. Every single girl here is a 10/10. He doesn't usually have much luck with the ladies, but surely the odds are in his favour tonight!An average looking guy drinking a beer at the bar notices him staring at the girls, and leans over in a conspiratory whisper: “I could bang any girl here”. Really? “Yep, any one of these 10/10 babes. I could bang any of them.” Not quite believing him but not wanting to miss out on any life changing advice, our protagonist asks the guy: “That's truly impressive. What's your secret?”“Oh that's easy, you see...” Taking a big sip of his beer, with his eyes now firmly on the backside of a nearby stunner, he continues, conversationally. “I'm a rapist.”
A Man Walks Into A Bar And orders 5 shots of whiskey."Wow, 5 shots. Whats the occasion?" asks the bartender"My first blowjob," replies the man solemnly "Wow, congratulations!," says the bartender, "And you know what, here's a sixth shot on the house""Thanks," says the man "but I don't think even six shots will get the taste of cock out of my mouth"
A racist walks into a bar A racist walks into a crowded bar. He looks around and sees a black man sitting in a corner. The racist walks up to the bar, turns around and announces, "I'm going to buy everyone in this bar a free drink, except for that black guy over there!" Everybody is clapping and cheering for the racist and when he buys the last pint, the black man turns around, puts his thumb up and says, "Thanks!" The racist is slightly puzzled by his reaction but doesn't pay too much attention to it.The next night, the racist goes into the same bar and again, there is the same black guy sitting in the corner, so, again, he goes to the bar, turns around and says, "I'm going to buy everyone here a free drink, except for that black guy over there!" The crowd are all ecstatic and are hugging and cheering the racist for his generosity. When he buys the last pint, the black guy turns around, puts his thumb up and says, "Thanks!" The racist scratches his head and asks the barman, "Why is that black guy thanking me when he's the only person I'm not buying drinks for?""Well" the barman responds, "he owns this place."
A guy walks into a bar and orders a drink He sees another guy drinking, and notices he is sitting next to a tiny person playing a piano on the bar."Nice piano player" the guy says. "Where did you get that."The drinking guy reaches into his pocket and pulls out a lamp. "Here, rub the lamp and you will get three wishes." He says. "Just make sure you speak clearly"The guy rubs the lamp, and a genie appears. "You have three wishes" the genie says."A million bucks!" The guy shouts, and with the nod of the genies head, one million ducks appear in the bar, quacking and flapping about."Disappointed the guy says, "I didn't ask for a million ducks!"His drinking buddy leans over and mutters, "Do you think I asked for an 11 inch pianist?"
A man walks into a bar "A man walks into a bar and the bartender says"......"Stop speaking in third person Jaqen"
Man walks into a bar and orders three shots of whiskey. Man walks into a bar and orders three separate shots of whiskey. He solemnly drinks each one. The bartender asks why he needs the three separate shots, and why all at once. "Well, this one's for me brother in Dublin. This one's for me brother in New York. And this one's for me. Seein' as how we can't be in the same bar, we figure if all three of us do this once a month, well--it's almost like we're drinkin' together." A month goes by, and the guy comes back in, orders three shots, drinks all three. And again each month, for years. When asked to explain, he always says the same thing: "Well, this one's for me brother in Dublin. This one's for me brother in New York. And this one's for me." Until one month when the guy comes in and orders only two shots. Drinks them solemn as you please. The concerned bartender asks: "Excuse me, but--did something happen to one of your brothers?" "No--this one's for me brother in Dublin. And this one's for me brother in New York. I quit drinkin'." 
Harambe walks into a bar and orders a drink the bartender says: "just ice"and harambe replies "justice for harambe"﻿
Candlejack walks into a bar . . . . . . and he says 
Man walks into a bar where DMX is the bar tender and orders a double entendre And X *gives it to him*
A leper walks into a bar And takes a seat. The bartender, looking slightly squeamish, comes up and asks him what he'd like.Knowing his condition, the leper says: "I know how I look, if you don't feel comfortable serving me, I understand." And orders his drink.Bartender says: "No, not at all. I've seen it all. I'll grab your drink."The bartender serves him, then goes to the back, looking very pale! Eventually the leper finishes his drink, and is about to order another, when he sees the bartender visibly puking his guts out in the back, occasionally looking over at the leper.When the bartender gathers his nerves and comes back to help the leper, the leper says to him: "I told ya, if I grossed you out, you should've just told me, and I'd have been on my way!"The bartender, shaking his head, leans forward and whispers in his ear: "It's not your image that made me puke. It's just, for the past 5 minutes, the drink next to you has been doing his crackers in your neck!"
A guy walks into a bar he says he'll have a beer and the bartender goes "sure thing bud" 
One night a man walks into a bar looking sad. The bartender asks the man what he wants. The man says “Oh just a beer”. The bartender asked the man “Whats wrong,why are you so down today?”. The man said “My wife and i got into a fight,and she said she would’nt talk to me for a month”. The bartender said “So whats wrong with that”? The man siad “Well the month is up tonight”.
Paddy walks into a bar. and orders his usual. As he's pouring out the Guiness, the bartender notices that Paddy looks distraught. Worried about his best customer, the bartender asks, "What's the matter, Paddy? You're looking glum".Paddy responds with a sigh and sips his Guiness. After a minute, Paddy tells the bartender the source of his dispair. "I lost my best mate Mick today you see", says Paddy."Oh dear Paddy. If you don't mind me asking, how did it happen?" asked the bartender.Paddy groaned in discontent."He got his finger caught in a wedding ring".
A boy walks into a barber shop ...and the barber whispers to his customer, “This is the dumbest kid in the world. Watch while I prove it to you.”The barber puts a dollar bill in one hand and two quarters in the other, then calls the boy over and asks, “Which do you want, son?” The boy takes the quarters and leaves.“What did I tell you?” said the barber. “That kid never learns!”Later, when the customer leaves, he sees the same young boy coming out of the ice cream store.“Hey, son! May I ask you a question?Why did you take the quarters instead of the dollar bill?”The boy licked his cone and replied,“Because the day I take the dollar, the game is over!”
A brunette walks into a bar "Ouch!" She cries, as her wig flutters to the ground revealing that she was in fact a blond woman the whole time because blonde jokes are hilarious am I right can I get some validation please I need it my life is spiraling out of control and THIS IS ALL I HAVE NOW?
Hillary Clinton walks into a bar with a pig on a leash.The bartender looks at them and says "You can't bring that cow in here!"Hillary replies, "It's a pig, not a cow."The bartender says "I was talking to the pig."
A black man walks into a bar with a beautiful parrot on his shoulder."That is really special," said the bartender. "Where did you get it?""Africa," replied the parrot.
Ray Charles walks into a bar a table, steps on someones foot and stumbles over chair but eventually makes it to the piano with only minor leg injuries.
A man walks into a bar And is disqualified from the Limbo tournament
A man walks into a bar with a monkey on his shoulder He orders a drink, and the monkey starts wondering around the bar, touching and sniffing all the things. Eventually it picks up a pool ball, looks at it for a bit and swallows it!The bartender sees it and disturbingly tells the man - "your monkey just swallowed a whole billiards ball"! The man waves it off saying "yeah, the stupid animal, eats everything...". He pays for his drink and the ball and leaves.Next week the man comes in again, with the same monkey, orders a drink and the monkey starts wondering around the bar. It picks up a cherry, looks at it, sniffs it, then shoves it up his butt, takes it out and swallows it! The bartender is even more shocked - "your monkey just put a cherry up his ass and ate it!" - he exclaims. The man answers:- Yeah, the stupid monkey, still eats everything, but now always measures it up first.
A man walks into a bar He needs to watch where he's going
A drunk proctologist walks into a bar And orderrrsh each a round
A con artist, a pervert, and a racist walks into a bar. The barkeep looks up and says "The usual, Mr. Trump?"
A blonde walks into a bar She collided with a bar.
A hobby horse walks into a bar The bartender asks "why the log face"?
A Redditor walks into a bar And says "want to hear a joke?" The bartender replies "I've already heard it." 
A very drunk man walks into a bar He yells: two large beers and a packet of crisps please!Lady: sir, this is a library.Man, whispering: two large beers and a packet of crisps please!
A man walks into a bar He says 'meow'.
The CEO of Budweiser, Miller and Carlsberg walks into a bar. The CEO of Budweiser walks up to the bar and orders a Budweiser, after which the CEO of Miller orders a Miller. Then the CEO of Carlsberg says to the bartender: "I'll have a glass of water." The others looks baffled and asks him: "Why didn't you order a Carlsberg?". He replies: "Well, since you're not having beer..."
A Grandfather walks into a bar the bar was too low, grandfather had a bad eyesight, tripped, fell, died.Amen
A double-amputee walks into a bar Then he remembers he's already legless and walks out again.
Let me tell you a joke. A mathematician walks into a bar and says.. "Let me tell you a joke. A mathematician walks into a bar and says.."
A man walks into a bar Ouch.What a classic joke
The Sahara desert walks into a bar. The barman says "long time no sea."
A QA engineer walks into a bar.. He orders 1 beerHe orders 999999 beersHe orders -1 beersHe orders a lizardHe orders ahhajahsjjfjeiaiHe orders nothing
A huge muscular man with a tiny head walks into a bar Everyone stares at him because there impressed by his muscular physique, but there also shocked with his tiny head in contrast to his huge body. So the man walks up to order a drink and the bartender says" im not gay or anything, but I'm impressed by your physique it's amazing, but why do you have such a little head". The man replies by saying " well it's a bit of a story, but one day I was walking in the woods until I encountered a talking frog, and the frog said " if you kiss me I will turn into a genie and grant you 3 wishes". Then suddenly that frog turned into a beautiful naked women who then said" you now have 3 wishes, what do you wish for", I then said " I wish I had Arnold Schwarzeneggers body". Then my clothes rip from the huge body transformation, and I Had Arnold Schwarzenegger physique. The lady then said " what is your second wish", I said " I wish to have sex with you". We start engaging in sex, and in the middle of enjoyment the beautiful women whispers to me" you have one more wish" I then said " how a about a little head"? 
A woman walks into a bar And smashes into it pretty hard.   She whiplashed and her hair fell into a neighboring patron's drink. Pissed he yelled,  "Watch your fucking self and your dirty ass witch colored hair!" She retorted, "I find that insulting! I just washed it and it's blonde!" 
A Lawyer walks into a bar Well, technically, he wasn't a lawyer yet...
A man walks into a bar  ... goes to the bartender and tells, "One thing I've learned after 21 years - you never know what is gonna come through that door" ...
So a redditor walks into a bar The bartender says, "what'll you have?""It's been so long since I've had a good laugh", replies the redditor. "I'll give you $100 if you can tell me a joke I haven't heard before.""That sounds easy enough", replies the bartender."I should warn you", the redditor says, "I browse /r/jokes so I've heard them all over and over and over again".Curious, the bartender pulls out his phone and browses /r/jokes for a few minutes."How about this?" he asks, "A man is driving through a remote forested area at night when his car breaks down next to an old monastery...""Heard it.", interrupts the redditor. "It's reposted every month."The bartender apologies and starts scrolling on his phone for a few more minutes."Ooh, here we go, so a blonde shows up at a rich guy's doorstep asking if she can do any chores for cash...""Heard it!!", the redditor snaps. "that's reposted every week!"The bartender is flustered but tries again, furiously browsing the subreddit. "Aha! This one is sure to impress. What's the difference between Donald Trump's hair and a thong?""No, no, no!!!", the redditor cries out. "That joke is reposted every day!""OK, OK, please give me one more try", the bartender pleads. He scrolls furiously through his phone. "Nope... nope... nope... YES!! This is a great one!""OK, lay it on me", the redditor asks eagerly."Here it is", the bartender replies. "So a redditor walks into a bar..."
A guy walks into a bar Tells the bartender "I'll bet you $100.00 I can chug your biggest pitcher of beer in less than 10 seconds"Bartender gives him a gallon pitcher and the guy chugs it in 9 seconds so bartender pays him.A little while later the guy says "I'll bet you another $100.00 I can chug two of those pitchers in less than 10 seconds"Bartender figures the first time took 9 seconds so takes the bet.  Sure enough the guy slams two gallons in 9.5 seconds. A little while later he calls the bartender back over - this time the bartender says "I'm done betting with you"The guys says "here me out, the bet is $500.00 you take your smallest shot glass, place it 4 feet in front of me on the bar, I will stand on the bar and piss in it, fill it to the top and not spill a drop"Bartender says "you're on!" - places the shot glass, the guy stands on the bar and pisses everywhere, not a single drop in the glass.  As the bartender collects his winnings and is laughing as he is wiping up the piss he sees the guy smiling.  The bartender asks "hey, what's up, I just won back my $200.00 plus another $300.00 and you seem happy"The guy replies "well yeah, you see that guy over in the corner crying? Well I bet him $2,000.00 that I would stand up, piss all over your bar and you would wipe it up with a smile!"
A man walks into a bar, orders a shot and immediately A drunk walks into a bar, orders a shot and and immediately pukes all over his own shirt. "Wha' my gonna do now? My wifez gonna kill me.""Relax," the bartender says, "give me a five-dollar bill." The bartender folds up the bill and puts it in the guy's shirt pocket. "Tell your wife some drunk puked on you and gave you five bucks to have your shirt cleaned.""Thass a great idea!"When the drunk gets home his wife answers the door. "Where have you been? What happened to your shirt?"He tries to put on a sober voice and says, "Relaaax honey, some drunk guy puked on me and gave me five bucks to have my shirt cleaned."The drunk's wife reaches in his pocket, grabs the money, and says, "There's $10 in here!""Oh yeah, he shit my pants, too."
a redittor walks into a bar he tells the bartender he'll give him $300 if the bartender tells him a joke he hasnt heard before.the bartender, guessing the redditor was not well-read, pulled out his copy of Henry IV and said one of the numerous puns.the redittor hands the bartender $300 and says, "paint my house."
A redditor walks into a bar (again) … he asks the bartender to tell him a good joke but warns him that he's read all of them manny manny times already.The bartender gives it a shot takes out his phone checks reddit and only finds jokes that point out how manny reposts there are in this subreddit...Seriously guys, stop it! We get it, the "recycling-rate" is very high in r/jokes, so?!You don't have to make jokes about this over and over again, enough is enough!I know, thats not a joke but I wanted to get this of my chest already.
Steven Hawking walks into a bar ...just kidding.
A man walks into a bar, and says "...Ow."
A Redditor walks into a bar He cries out in pain.His friend asks, "How did you even walk into that? You've encountered this hundreds of times before!"The Redditor replies, "Well, not really? It seemed like a new post."
A man walks into a barber shop with a sign that says "Psychic Barber". Barber: Say no more, fam
A termite walks into a bar He says, "Is the bar tender here?"
Muslim women walks into a bar She's  blown everone
A redditor walks into a bar And isn't looking for Pokémon
A redditor walks into a bar (for real this time) Just kidding, redditors don't leave their basements. 
So A Guy Walks Into A Bar He's wearing a dark trench coat, with a sad look on his face, he sits down at the bar and says to the bar tender "get me a mug of beer and a shooter of beer for my little friend". with that he pulls a miniature man out of his coat playing a small piano. He sets the man with the piano down on the counter. The bar tender says "fuck, is that ever neat, where did you get that from". The man pulls out a lantern and says "from the genie in here". The bartender says "can I try it?" The man says "sure, but be careful what you wish for". The bartender grabs the lantern and run's to the back room. Within minutes there is a huge explosion followed by loud quacking. The bartender runs out covered in mud and feathers, walks over to the man and says "what the hell, I asked for a billion bucks, but got a billion ducks". The man in the trench coat then says "yeah, do you think I asked for a ten inch pianist". 
A Redditor walks into a bar The bartender says, 'What'll it be?"The Redditor replies, "No thanks. I'm not old enough."
So a redditor walks into a bar The bartender says, "what'll you have?""It's been so long since I've had a good laugh", replies the redditor. "I'll give you $100 if you can tell me a joke I haven't heard before.""That sounds easy enough", replies the bartender."I should warn you", the redditor says, "I browse /r/jokes so I've heard them all over and over and over again".Curious, the bartender pulls out his phone and browses /r/jokes for a few minutes."How about this?" he asks, "A man is driving through a remote forested area at night when his car breaks down next to an old monastery...""Heard it.", interrupts the redditor. "It's reposted every month."The bartender apologies and starts scrolling on his phone for a few more minutes."Ooh, here we go, so a blonde shows up at a rich guy's doorstep asking if she can do any chores for cash...""Heard it!!", the redditor snaps. "that's reposted every week!"The bartender is flustered but tries again, furiously browsing the subreddit. "Aha! This one is sure to impress. What's the difference between Donald Trump's hair and a thong?""No, no, no!!!", the redditor cries out. "That joke is reposted every day!""OK, OK, please give me one more try", the bartender pleads. He scrolls furiously through his phone. "Nope... nope... nope... YES!! This is a great one!""OK, lay it on me", the redditor asks eagerly."Here it is", the bartender replies. "So a redditor walks into a bar..."
A redditor walks into a bar The bartender says, "what'll you have?" "It's been so long since I've had a good laugh", replies the redditor. "I'll give you $100 if you can tell me a joke I haven't heard before." "That sounds easy enough", replies the bartender. "I should warn you", the redditor says, "I browse /r/jokes so I've heard them all over and over and over again". Curious, the bartender pulls out his phone and browses /r/jokes for a few minutes. "How about this?" he asks, "A man is driving through a remote forested area at night when his car breaks down next to an old monastery..." "Heard it.", interrupts the redditor. "It's reposted every month." The bartender apologies and starts scrolling on his phone for a few more minutes. "Ooh, here we go, so a blonde shows up at a rich guy's doorstep asking if she can do any chores for cash...""Heard it!!", the redditor snaps. "that's reposted every week!" The bartender is flustered but tries again, furiously browsing the subreddit. "Aha! This one is sure to impress. What's the difference between Donald Trump's hair and a thong?" "No, no, no!!!", the redditor cries out. "That joke is reposted every day!" "OK, OK, please give me one more try", the bartender pleads. He scrolls furiously through his phone. "Nope... nope... nope... YES!! This is a great one!" "OK, lay it on me", the redditor asks eagerly. "Here it is", the bartender replies. "So a redditor walks into a bar..."---EDIT:Sorry for the repost---
A sandwich walks into a bar and orders a beer. Bartender says, "Sorry we don’t serve food here.”
A redditor from /r/legaladvice walks into a bar He proceeds to walk to a table in the back of the place.  The bartender comes over and asks if he is a lawyer.  The redditor replies "technically I have passed the bar"
A man walks into a bar He says ow.
A guy walks into a bar and begins to tell a Polish joke. The bartender stops him and says "I'm Polish.  You see the guy over there - he's the owner of this bar and he's Polish.  You see these two big guys drinking beer beside you - they're Polish.  You still want to tell your joke?" The guy thinks about it and says "No, I don't want to tell it anymore. Nobody will get it."
Harambe walks into a bar Bartender | What will you be having to drink?---|---Harambe | I'll have a beerMe | No, he'll have just ice.Bartender | Just ice?Me | Yes, justice for Harambe 
A prisoner walks into a bar *some barsFTFM
An amnesiac walks into a bar He goes up to the bartender and says, "Do I come here often?"
Muhammad Ali walks into a bar So Muhammad Ali walks into a bar and orders a drink.He gives the bartender ceramic money.The Bartender says "I can't accept this your Cash Is Clay"
A man walks into a bar Ouch!
A guy walks into a bar, orders six jägermeister shots. The bartender asks him if it's a special occation? The guy answers "yes indeed, my very first blowjob". The bartender gets excited and says "Congratulations, I'll give you the seventh shot on the house". The guy answers "Nah, if six jäger shots isn't enough to get rid of the taste, the seventh wont make much of a difference".
A pirate walks into a bar with a large steering wheel on the front of his pants.The bartender says, "Hey buddy, you know you got a steering wheel on your crotch?"The pirate responds, "Arrr, it be driving me nuts!"
A man walks into a bar He sees a few pieces of meat hanging from the ceiling and so he asks the bartender about them. The bartender says "If you can jump and touch them, you get free drinks for the rest of the month, but if you miss, you cover everyone for the rest of the hour." The man thinks for a second and says "No. The stakes are too high"
A duck walks into a bar and asks, "Got any grapes?"The bartender, confused, tells the duck no. The duck thanks him and leaves.The next day, the duck returns and asks, "Got any grapes?"Again, the bartender tells him, "No -- the bar does not serve grapes, has never served grapes and, furthermore, will never serve grapes." The duck thanks him and leaves.The next day, the duck returns, but before he can say anything, the bartender yells, "Listen, duck! This is a bar! We do not serve grapes! If you ask for grapes again, I will nail your stupid duck beak to the bar!"The duck is silent for a moment, and then asks, "Got any nails?"Confused, the bartender says no."Good!" says the duck. "Got any grapes?"
A man walks into a bar sits down, orders a drink and starts sipping on it. A very attractive woman walks over next to him and orders a drink from the bar tender. While she is waiting for the drink, she can't help but notice out of the corner of her eye that the man sitting next to her keeps looking her up and down and then back at his watch. After he does this several times, she turns to him and asks "Why do you keep looking at me and back at your watch?" to which he replies, "Well you see, my watch is magical. It tells me what other people are wearing. Right now it's saying you aren't wearing any underwear." Confused and slightly taken aback, she retorts, "Well I am wearing underwear, so it must be broken". The man looks down at his drink, his brow slightly furrowed, and she turns back to watching the bartender making her drink. A few seconds pass, and finally the problem dawns on the man, "Oh yeah! Miss, do you want to come to my room with me?" Getting fed somewhat fed up with his antics, she turns back to him and says "Why?". "Because. The damn thing is an hour fast!"
a Tiger walks into a bar er i think i heard it was a golf club...
A man walks into a bar and see a jar filled with $5 bills He sits down and the bartender tells him if he puts $5 in the jar and completes 3 different tasks he would win all the money in the jar. The man agrees to try. He puts the $5 in the jar and then the bartender proceeds to tell him what he first 3 tasks are. "First you have to drink a whole bottle of tequila without making a face. Second there's a angry Rottweiler out back with a sore tooth that you need to pull. And finally there's an old woman upstairs who has never had sex in her life. Go upstairs have sex with her and then you'll get all the money." The man agrees to the challenge and puts $5 in the jar.He first grabs the tequila and downs the whole bottle without making a face. The bartender then tells him go outside next. The man then heads outside to complete his second task. While the man is outside the bartender can hear the Rottweiler growling and howling and making a lot of noise as he completes the second task.He''s out there for awhile and finally comes back in obviously exhausted. He has blood, scratches, and bite marks covering his body. He then turns to the bartender and says "Okay, now where's the lady with the sore tooth."
A black man walks into a bar with a parrot on his shoulder. The bartender asks, "Where did you get that?!?" The parrot says, "Africa. There's a lot of them there!"
A guy walks into a bar ....ouch.                          Two guys walk into a bar...      You'd think *one* of them would've seen the damn thing.
A Reddit user walks into a bar Ow.
A tiger walks into a bar.Bartender: What'll you have?Tiger: I'll have a Jack and........................................................................................................ Coke.Bartender: What's with the big pause?Tiger: I was born with 'em!
A black guy with a parrot walks into a bar. The bartender says, "wow! That is beautiful! Where did you get it?" The parrot responded, saying, "there are millions of them running around in Africa."
A man walks into a bar pulls out a revolver He shouts *"Everybody Listen Up!"* and the bar goes silent.  *"I have come home after working long shifts and i found out my wife is cheating on me, All I know is whoever it is comes to this bar!"*  He is obviously upset and he holds up his revolver and continues on to say *"This here is my great grandfathers trusty six shooter, If you sleep with my wife I'm not afraid to take your life"*  With a quiver in his voice he shouts at the top of his lungs *"IDENTIFY YOURSELF!"*      A voice is heard from the back of the bar *"You're going to need more bullets"*
Harambe walks into a bar Bartender: What will you be having to drink?Harambe: I'll have a beer.Me: No, he'll have just ice.Bartender: Just ice?Me: Yes, justice for Harambe.
A spider walks into a bar and says "I'm a black widow." The bartender says, "Honey, you ain't no black widow.  Hell, you're barely a brown recluse!"
Black guy walks into a bar with a parrot Bartender says, "That is amazing. Where'd you get it?"Parrot says, "Africa."Can we please fucking stop the parrot fucking jokes now?
A Reddit moderator walks into a bar [removed]
An Irish pirate with a 12 inch wiener walks into a bar and the bartender says "I don't even know how to label you!"
A young man walks into a bar And sees a horse.Young man: 'Why the long face?'Horse: 'Women. The ones I like anyways.Young man: 'Why? What's the problem? What kind of women do you like?'Horse: 'I like my women like I like my coffee.'Young Man: 'Ground up and in the freezer?'Horse: 'N..What? No! Sweet and strong you freak.'Two scientists walk in...Horse: 'Hey guys, first one's on me. What'll it be?'Scientist 2: 'We'll both have water thanks.'Scientist 1 to Young Man: 'What's eating you?'Young Man: 'I just found out my girlfriend's dad is a pharmacist.'A dentist walks in. Dentist: 'Drinks all round. I'm just back from a great safari holiday.'Horse: 'I hope you were just shooting with a camera.'Dentist: 'Don't be Cecilly. Sorry, so silly. Bagged myself some real trophies. Check my facebook."Just then a chicken pops its head round the door.Chicken: 'Sorry. Has anyone seen a tomato family walking around here? Sorry to bother you. Sorry.'Scientist 1: 'Sure. They were across the street about ten minutes ago heading north. If you hurry you'll ketchup.'Chicken: 'Sorry. Thanks. Sorry again. I have to go now. Sorry.'Scientist 2: 'What's his deal?'Horse: 'He's Canadian. Good guy.'A screeching sound comes from outside followed by the unmistakable sound of a bus hitting a chicken.*In heavenSt Peter: 'Look chicken, it's been a busy century, I've been whizzing round trying to find priests and lawyers for some young couple, some idiot just got in, the devil nabbed our only engineer, and to top it off some nuns have just been washing various body parts in the holy bowl. Do you mind waiting?'Chicken: 'Yeah, no. Super sorry about all that. I'll just head down these stairs and go to hell so you can have a better morning. Sorry again. B-bye.'St.Peter : 'Thanks man.'The chicken heads for the stairs...St.Peter: 'Next. Name and manner of death.'Next in line: 'Harambe. I dunno what happened man. I was trying hug this kid who tried to jump me and the next thing I know I'm stood behind that chicken and that guy who died in the refridgerator.'St. Peter: 'Ok, let me just check your lie clock.....'Edit: Wow! 5k upvotes and a gold! Inbox battered. Thanks.A time traveller walks into a bar.
A blind man walks into a bar, what happens next? He says ouch. 
A man walks into a barber shop and says, "I'll have a shave and a shoe shine." The barber lathers his face and sharpens the straight edge while a woman with the biggest, most beautiful breasts he has ever seen kneels down and shines his shoes. The man says, "You and I should spend some time in a hotel room." She replies, "My husband wouldn't like that." The man says, "Tell him you're working overtime, and I'll pay you the difference." She says, "You tell him.  He's the one shaving you."
So a bear walks into a bar and the bartender pulls out a shotgun and shoots the bear because it's a bear.
A Space Marine walks into a bar. He says to the grizzled, portly barkeeper, "Bring me two beers." Seeing that he is alone, the barkeep asks him 'Why two?' The Space Marine chuckles and replies, "Simple, my friend. One for me, and one FOR THE EMPEROR!"
Harambe walks into a bar Bartender: What will you be having to drink?Harambe: I'll have a beer.Me: No, he'll have just ice.Bartender: Just ice?Me: Yes, justice for Harambe.
A man walks into a bar. He says "Ow..."
A rope walks into a bar.. A rope walks into a bar, and the bartender says we don't serve ropes here. So the rope goes outside and tangles himself all up and does his hair all funny, and walks back inside. And the bartender says "Aren't you the rope I just kicked out a moment ago?" And the rope says, " No I'm a frayed knot."
Helen Keller walks into a bar Then a table...then a chair.
Sarah Jessica Parker walks into a bar Bartender says "Hey!  Why the long face?"
A Giraffe walks into a bar. And says "Hi guys, the Hi-balls are on me" ....Bartender says "You sure you don't want a long neck?"
One night a man walks into a bar looking sad. The bartender asks the man what he wants. The man says, “Oh, just a beer”. The bartender asked the man, “Whats wrong, why are you so down today?”. The man said, “My wife and i got into a fight, and she said she wouldn't talk to me for a month”.The bartender said, “That's not all that bad, is it?" The man said, “Well, the month is up tonight”. 
A man walks into a bar and sees these fat ladies. He asks where they're from, and they say wales...
So a man walks into a bar He was later disqualified from the gymnastics competition for attempting to break the rules of the competition.EDIT: Just to clarify, the man is a gymnast, and walks into the pole-vaulting bar instead of, well, pole-vaulting over it.
A giraffe walks into a bar The bartender says "long neck".The giraffe surprised says "how did you know my order?"
A guy walks into a bar  ... and gets a concussion. As he lives in a country without healthcare, he can't afford to support his family as a single father at the end of his luck, and receive treatment. His condition degenerates until the point where after months of his 10 year old daughter taking care of him and skipping school to do so, he is rushed to the hospital. Knowing he only has moments left, he whispers to his daughter: "Dicks out for Harambe"
A guy walks into a bar. Ouch.
A man walks into a bar and orders 3 beers. The bartender brings him the three beers, and the man proceeds to alternately sip one, then the other, then the third, until they're gone.He then orders three more and the bartender says, "Sir, I know you like them cold, so you can start with one, and I'll bring you a fresh one as soon as you're low."The man says, "You don't understand. I have two brothers, one in Australia and one in Ireland. We made a vow to each other that every Saturday night, we'd still drink together. So right now, my brothers have three beers, too, and we're drinking together."The bartender thinks it's a wonderful tradition, and every week he sets up the guy's three beers. Then one week, the man comes in and orders only two. He drinks them and then orders two more. The bartender says sadly, "Knowing your tradition, I'd just like to just say that I'm sorry you've lost a brother."The man replies, "Oh, my brothers are fine -- I just quit drinking."
A pirate walks into a bar with a steering wheel stuffed in his pants. The bartender looks at him and asks, "Why is there a steering wheel sticking out your pants?" The pirate replies, "Arrrr, it's driving me nuts!"
A strongly built and enraged man walks into a bar .... and yells out to a group of drunks:"WHICH ONE OF YOU IS JOHNNY???!"One of the drunks raises his hand and slurs:"I'm Johnny."The man quickly proceeds to beat the living hell out of the drunk man. When he is done, he warns: "That'll teach you to never do that again." And the man walks out of the bar. The drunk man starts laughing uncontrollably when one of his drunk friends walks over to ask him: "What's so funny? You just got the shit kicked out of you!" The drunk man on the floor says: "That guy is so stupid. My name is not Johnny."
A woman walks into a bar and orders a drink called "Innuendo". So the barkeeper gives it to her.
A man walks into a bar Ow.
A man walks into a bar with a slab of asphalt under his arm and says: "A beer please, and one for the road."
Stevie Wonder walks into a bar and a chair, and a table.
A man walks into a bar and orders a Jack and coke. The bartender hands him an apple. The man is clearly confused, "take a bite" says the bartender. The man takes a bite, "tastes like Jack!" He says. "Now turn it around." Replies the bartender. "Tastes like coke!" He says. Another man walks in, and orders a gin and tonic. The bartender hands the second man an apple and tells him to take a bite. "Tastes like gin!" Says the second  man. The bartender tells him, "Turn it around." "Tastes like tonic!" A third man walks in, the first two are going crazy over these apples. "This bartender can make an apple taste like anything!" They tell him. "Anything?" Questions the third man. "Give me an apple that tastes like pussy!" The bartender hands him an apple and the man takes a bite. "What the hell!? This tastes like shit!" "Turn it around." 
A Japanese Pole Vaulter Walks into a bar wearing his silver medal. A young woman walks up and says "how close were you to the gold"?..."about 4 inches"
A gorilla walks into a bar Everyone proceeded to get their dicks out^^dicks^^^out
Gorilla walks into a bar and says, "A scotch on the rocks, please." The gorilla hands the bartender a $10 bill.The bartender thinks to himself, "This gorilla doesn't know the prices of drinks," and gives him 15 cents change.The bartender says, "You know, we don't get too many gorillas in here."The gorilla replies, "Well, at $9.85 a drink, I ain't coming back, either."
LPT: When a panda walks into a bar, leave before it finishes its meal. Panda: nouna large bear-like mammal with characteristic black-and-white markings, native to certain mountain forests in China.Eats shoots and leaves.
Blind Guy Walks Into a Bar    A blind guy with a guide dog walks into a bar.  Suddenly, he yanks on the dog's leash, swings it above his head, and smashes tables and chairs with the poor yelping animal while the patrons flee in fear.     After he's wrecked the place and stopped swinging the dog, he picks up a stool, sits down and orders a drink.   The gobsmacked bartender asks him, "Hey Buddy, just what the hell do you think you were doing?!"   The blind guy pats his dog on the head and says, "Oh, just having a look around."
A man walks into a bar He tells the bartender "get me a beer, get a beer for yourself, and a beer for everyone else in the bar." The bartender smiles and does as he asked. Then the bartender told the man that it would be 62.50 for all the beers. The man smiled at the bartender and said, "I ain't got no money!" The bartender grabs the man by the collar and throws him out the door. "If you come back I'll bust you up!" Ten minutes later the man came back. He walked up to the bartender and told him "Pour me a beer, get a beer for yourself, and a beer for everyone else in the bar." The bartender looked suspiciously at the man. Surely he wouldn't be dumb enough to try this again. The bartender pours everyone another beer. "62.50" said the bartender."I ain't got a nickle!" said the man with a laugh. The bartender punches the man in the face and throws him out the door. "Don't come back you bum!"Ten minutes later the man comes back. He walks up to the bartender and told the bartender "Pour me a beer and pour one for everyone else in the bar.""What? No beer for me this time!?" asked the bartender."No" replied the man. "You get violent when you drink."
A man walks into a bar with an alligator on a leash. He puffs out his chest, looking all tough, and says to everyone in the bar, "Watch this!"He pulls down his pants, opens the alligator's jaws, puts his penis inside the alligator's mouth, closes it, and then punches the alligator right between the eyes with all his strength.The alligator's jaws spring open, and the man puts his completely unharmed penis away.He says to the rest of the bar, "Is anyone else *man* enough to try this?"After a brief moment of silence, a timid guy in the corner replies,"I'll do it, but please just don't hit me so hard on the head."
WALKS INTO A BAR FREE DRINKS A man walks into a a bar, drinks a couple of beers, and prepares to leave. The bartender tells him he owes $8."But I already paid you. Don't you remember?" says the customer."OK," says the bartender, "if you say you paid, then I suppose you did."The man goes outside and tells the first person he sees that the bartender can't keep track of whether his customers have paid or not. The second man rushes in, orders a couple beers, and later pulls the same stunt.The barkeep replies, "OK, if you say you paid, then I suppose you did."The customer goes outside and tells a friend how to get free drinks. The third man hurries into the bar and begins to drink highballs.The bartender leans over and says, "You know, a funny thing happened tonight. Two men were drinking beer, neither paid, and both claimed they had. The next guy who tries that stunt is going to get punched in the -- "The man interrupts, "Don't bother me with your troubles, bartender. Just give me my change and I'll be on my way."
Donald Trump walks into a bar He sits at the bar, and a nice (white) waiter comes to serve him, Trump places his order and waits. When his order came a new (mexican) waiter came over and handed him his food. When the (mexican) waiter realized it was Donald Trump he was very upset and started yelling at him.MW- "How dare you insult my people!! Do you have any idea why we came to America!! Because it was a free country"DT- "It's politics!! If you don't like what I'm doing, build my wall and get over it!!"
An Ugly man walks into a bar and a beautiful woman approaches him ... the woman asks the man, "How would you like to get out of here?" and the man is stunned. He never thought a woman like her would ever approach him so he agrees. They both get into his car and drive really far. He stops at a cliff with the view of the whole city. Within seconds they start taking off their clothes. After 15 minutes of vigorous sex they finally finish. They both put their clothes on and they both just sit there awkwardly. The woman speaks up and says "I'm a prostitute and its going to be 100 dollars for my service." The Man is stunned and saddened that she didn't really like him. He gives her the money and they both sit there awkwardly. The Woman tells him that she is ready to leave and the man replies "I'm a taxi driver and its going to be 150 Dollars for the ride here and back."
So a man walks into a bar He looks at the bartender and says "Shots for Harambe"
A young boy walks into a barber's. ..and the barber whispers to his customer, “This is the dumbest kid in the world. Watch while I prove it to you.” The barber puts a dollar bill in one hand and two quarters in the other, then calls the boy over and asks, “Which do you want, son?” The boy takes the quarters and leaves. “What did I tell you?” said the barber. “That kid never learns!” Later, when the customer leaves, he sees the same young boy coming out of the ice cream store. “Hey, son! May I ask you a question? Why did you take the quarters instead of the dollar bill?” The boy licked his cone and replied, “Because the day I take the dollar, the game is over!”
A professional limboer walks into a bar. He was disqualified from the competition.
A man with Déjà vu walks into a bar.
A man walks into a bar. He bashed his head. What did you think would have happened?
A gymnast walks into a bar. He gets a two point deduction and ruins his chances of getting a medal. 
A pirate walks into a bar A pirate with a peg leg, hook hand, eyepatch, and a parrot on his shoulder walks into a bar. The bartender asks how he got the peg leg. "Well", says the pirate, "I fell into the sea and had to fight off a shark, but he ate me leg." "What about the hook hand?" Pirate: "Me vessel got boarded by some scallywags and I lost me hand in the fight.""Well, how about the eyepatch?""Ol' Polly here pooped in me eye!"The bartender was confused and asked how that could possibly make him lose his eye. The pirate responds: "First day with the hook."
A Roman guy walks into a bar He holds up two fingers and says "five beers please"
A hobo walks into a bar. The barman shouts at him 'Get out! We don't serve your type in here!' The hobo says 'OK OK I'll leave. But all I want is a toothpick'. The barman, suspicious, hands him a toothpick and the hobo leaves.  5mins later another hobo comes in and the barman says 'get out! We don't serve your type in here' The hobo says he will leave but asks for a toothpick first. The barman hands him one and he leaves. Over the next few minutes, several more hobos come in and ask for toothpicks.  The barman is really confused. He decides the next time one comes in he'll ask him what's going on. Couple minutes later one comes in and says 'can I have a...' The barman says 'I know I know you want a toothpick'. The hobo says 'actually I want a straw'. The barman says he'll give him one but first he has to explain why all these hobos have come in and asked for a toothpick and now he wanted a straw. The hobo explains: 'somebody has been sick outside. But all the best bits are gone....'
A rope walks into a bar And sees someone sitting at the bar reposting this joke. The rope hangs the reposter.
A rope walks into a bar  A rope walks into a bar, sits down, orders a drink. The bartender says, "Hey buddy, we don't serve your kind here."Dejected, the rope leaves. Outside he ties himself into a knot, frays his ends, and walks back into the bar. The bartender stops him and says, "Hey! Aren't you that rope I just sent out of here?"To which the rope replies, "No. I'm a frayed knot."
A man walks into a bar And a gorilla is sitting there with a drink.The man walks over to the bartender and says "Why the fuck is there a gorilla in your bar?'The bartender replies"Watch this."The bartender walks over with an empty bottle and smashes it on the head of the gorilla.The gorilla stands up, lets out a sigh, then gets on his knees and proceeds to give the bartender a blow job.The bartender then yells at the man"You wanna give this a try?"The man replies "Sure, just don't hit me as hard as you hit the gorilla."
A grasshopper walks into a bar So the bartender looks at him and says, "Hey, we have a drink named after you!" To which the grasshopper replies, "You have  a drink named Steve?"
A grasshopper walks into a bar and the bartender says "hey! We have a drink named after you!" And the grasshopper says "You have a drink named Steve?!"
A Roman walks into a bar He holds up two fingers and says to the bartender, "Five beers, please." 
Hitler walks into a bar Mitzvah
A man walks into a bar with a 10" pianist in his pocket. A man walks into a bar, sits at the counter and orders two pints of beer. He then pulls a small piano and an 10” pianist out of his pocket. The tiny pianist takes a sit in-front of the piano and starts playing music. The puzzled barman walks over and says in astonishment “what is this thing??!!” “Oh, You don’t want to know” says the man.“Oh, I most definitely want to know”, replies the barman.“Believe me, you really don’t want to know”, repeats the man. “How about this…. the next two rounds of drinks are on the house, if you tell me where in hell you found this 10" pianist!” The man thinks for a second and says….: “I’ll tell you under one condition, you take full responsibility for whatever happens next !?” ‘Deal!’ replies the barman. “Ok, here is the story. One day I found this strange old magic ring, and if you rub it long enough a very old genie comes out and grants you a wish. But…..”The intrigued barman doesn’t even give the man a chance to finish his story, and starts begging him to give him a go on the ring… after some back and forth they agree on a month of free drinks on the house.“But remember, I am not responsible for anything that happens next” reminds him the man.He hands him the ring and the barman begins rubbing it. After 30 seconds or so, a very old genie appears from within a purple cloud of fog. “Master! You have released me and I shall grant you a wish”, says the old genie in hoarse voice.The barman thinks for a moment, and eventually decides: “I would like to have ten million bucks!”“Your wish is my command” says the old genie with his hoarse voice.In less than three second, millions of ducks appear from nowhere, a cloud of feathers fill the air, bottles fall and break on the floor, and you can barely breath or move. Basically in minutes the bar is destroyed, by a flock of ten million ducks.“What is wrong with this genie!!??” screams the barman in panic. “I have asked for ten million BUCKS, not for ten million DUCKS !!”“Well, I tried to warn you…" shouts the man through the feathers. "And by the way, how did you think exactly, I have ended up with a 10” PIANIST in my pocket?” 
A man named Jimmy walks into a bar He sits down at the bar and notices a couple lines of people standing at the other side of the bar. Jimmy asks the bartender "what are those people standing over there for?"The bartender replies, "oh, the owner has a nice system setup for people who can't pay their tabs. He really enjoys causing others pain, so if you stand in the first line you can get kicked by the owner and he lets you go free. In the second, the owner gets to twist your nipples as hard as he wants, but again, you get to go for free."Jimmy responds "Wow, what an interesting system. You know what would make it a lot better?""What's that?" Asks the bartender"If there was a punchline"
A man from out of town walks into a bar ...the locals know to duck.
Donald Trump, an asshole, and an evil masterminds walks into a bar He sits down and orders a drink.
A man from out of town walks into a bar he sees large pieces of meat hanging from the ceiling. He asks the bartender why the meat is hanging down from the ceiling. The bartender says "Around these parts we have a challenge. If you can jump up and touch the meat, you get it for free. If you can't you have to pay the price of the meat but you don't get it. How about taking the bet?" The man looks up at the meat. "Nah" He says. "The steaks are too high.  
A black man walks into a bar gets shot.
Donald Trump walks into a bar and lowers it
A man walks into a bar ... and sees a horse behind the counter. After a minute, the horse yells at him. "Whatsamatter, buddy? Never seen a horse tending bar before?""It's not that," said the man, "It's just that I never thought the parrot would sell the place!"
what happens when a nunga bucha walks into a bar? he walk in and screams victor and victor screams aaryan.
A robot walks into a bar The bartender says, "Hey, we don't serve robots!"Robot says, "Oh, but someday you will."
A man walks into a bar One Saturday night a man walks into a bar. As soon as he walks in he sees a large jar of coins on a table next to the door. He asks the bartender, "why is that jar of coins there?" To which he replies, "We have a challenge in this bar. You can win the jar of coins if you can skull a liter of tequila in one minute, remove a tooth from the rabid dog at the back of the bar, and have sex with the 90 year old virgin woman upstairs." The man thinks it is a stupid challenge and walks away. A few drinks later he goes up to the bartender and accepts the challenge. He skulls the tequila in 50 seconds. He then makes his way outside to take the tooth of the rabid dog out. As the door closes the patrons hear loud growls and roars. They hear the ripping of clothes and the screams of the man. Then silence. The man walks back inside, a smile on his face and says, "so where's the old lady that needs a tooth removed?"
A Jew walks into a bar mitzvah
A polio survivor walks into a bar Wait I fucked it up.
A gymnast walks into a bar. He gets a two-point deduction and ruins his chances of a medal.
Stevie Wonder walks into a bar And a table...... and a chair
A musician walks into a bar and orders a drink. The bartender asks "Why the long face?""I play flute in a travelling orchestra" he said. "Last month, we played for the Ottoman sultan. He liked our performance and ordered to fill our instruments with sapphires. The cello got 1000 sapphires in, the drum got 2000 sapphires in, this piece of trash didn't get even one in. Last week, we played for the German kaiser, and he also liked our performance and ordered to fill our instruments with gold. Cello got 2000 coins in, drum got 4000 coins in, this piece of trash didn't get even one in.Yesterday, we played for the Russian czar, he said we are playing out of tune and ordered to shove our instruments up our asses. The drum didn't get in, the cello didn't get in, this piece of trash went in all the way to B flat!"
So a panda walks into a bar Orders a salad and just after paying his bill whips out a Gloc and shoots one of the other bar patrons. The bartender asks what the hell his problem is and the panda says "I'm a panda look me up in the dictionary" then grabs his coat and walks out the door.The bartender not knowing what else to do looks up "panda" in the dictionary it readspan·daˈpandə/nouna large endangered bearlike mammal with characteristic black and white markings, native to certain mountain forests of central and western China. Eats shoots and leaves.
A Canadian walks into a bar has a drink, pays his tab, and leaves.
A man walks into a bar with a frog on his head. Bartender goes, "That's cool!  Where'd you get that?"And the frog says, "I don't know.  Started out as a bump on my butt." 
A bear walks into a bar and tells the bartender, "I'll have a Labatt Blue................................and a shot of whiskey."The bartender says, "why the big pause?"
A Horse walks into a bar.The Bartender sees such a vivid depthof despair and ennui in the Horse's eyes,like the Horse has stared into the abyssand found the infinite void of nothingness so deepthat the Horse could no longer believethat he himself nor anyone nor anything else existed.To say something exists requires knowledge of self,which requires knowledge of existence of the self, an obviously impossible leap of logic,absurd to even attempt to conceive or contemplate.The Bartender,in that single instant within the Horse's mind,became the nothingness the Horse perceived, and thus was rendered speechless.If neither the Horse,nor the Bartender,nor the bar itself can be said to exist,then why should he ask,how could he ask,"why the long face?"The question can have no meaning,and that which has no meaning cannot be stated.The Bartender, dumbstruck, not by realization of mortalitybut by fundamental doubt that he was ever alive,gazes into the endless depth of the Horse's eyes,and asks him, "Sir, I beg you say, do I exist?"The Horse replies,"Neighhhh..."
A gymnast walks into a bar He gets a two-point deduction and ruins his chance of a medal.
A guy walks into a bar and sees a sign that reads:Cheese Sandwich: $1.50Chicken Sandwich: $2.50Hand Job: $10.00He checks his wallet and beckons to the sexy bartender."Are you the one who gives the hand jobs?" he asks."Yes," she purrs. "I am.""Well, wash your frickin' hands," says the man. "I want a cheese sandwich!"
A Canadian walks into a bar, steps back, apologizes to the bar, and walks away.
A blind guy walks into a bar His friend then asks if he is okay.
An Olympic Gymnast walks into a bar. He gets a two point penalty and ruins his life-long ambition of becoming an Olympic medalist.
A Guy Walks Into A Bar OW!!!!
A horse walks into a bar The bartender says, "Hey!"  The horse replies, "you read my mind!"
A blonde guy walks into a bar A hefty, muscular gun toting blond guy from Austin Texas goes to a bar on his Harley Davidson. He parks the bike outside, goes in and orders a drink.Now the regulars at this bar have a habit of picking on newcomers. So when the blond goes back his bike is missing from its spot. He walks back in.He shouts outWhich one of ya'll fuckers stole my Harley?Nobody answers. He caresses his gun and saysHere's what I'm gonna do. I'm gonna get another drink and if ma bike ain't back where I left it, I'm gonna do the same thing I did back in Austin. And I don't like what I did back in Austin.True to his word, he orders a drink and goes back out, to find his Harley back where it was!As he puts on his helmet, the bar owner asks himIf you don't mind me asking, what did you do back in Austin?The blond repliesI had to walk back home
A horse walks into a bar. A Horse walks into a bar.The Bartender sees such a vivid depthof despair and ennui in the Horse's eyes,like the Horse has stared into the abyssand found the infinite void of nothingness so deepthat the Horse could no longer believethat he himself nor anyone nor anything else existed.To say something exists requires knowledge of self,which requires knowledge of existence of the self, an obviously impossible leap of logic,absurd to even attempt to conceive or contemplate.The Bartender,in that single instant within the Horse's mind,became the nothingness the Horse perceived, and thus was rendered speechless.If neither the Horse,nor the Bartender,nor the bar itself can be said to exist,then why should he ask,how could he ask,"why the long face?"The question can have no meaning,and that which has no meaning cannot be stated.The Bartender, dumbstruck, not by realization of mortalitybut by fundamental doubt that he was ever alive,gazes into the endless depth of the Horse's eyes,and asks him, "Sir, I beg you say, do I exist?"The Horse replies,"Neighhhh..."
A man walks into a bar and he sees a girl sitting alone. He asks the bartender to buy her a drink. The bartender whispers "OK, but, between us, I think you should know, she is a lesbian." The man wants to  buy here the drink anyhow.The man then is approaching the girl saying: "Hey, how is life in Lesbia?"
A man walks into a bar and he sees a jar next to the bartender labeled "Prize." He asks how one can receive this prize money an the bartender explains that he must accomplish three tasks. He needs to knock out the biker that comes in every night, pull a sore tooth from the pitbull chained up outside, and have sex with an eighty year old woman who lives upstairs. The man accepts and returns some time later. His knuckles are red and he has a bad bite mark on his arm. Exhausted, he asks the bartender, "Where's the old lady with the sore tooth?"
So a grasshopper named Steve walks into a bar. Wait, you're not supposed to know his name yet.Anyway, the bartender says "Hey, we have a drink named 'Steve'!"No, that's not right.  The bartender says "Hey Steve!"... Nope.Hold on, the bartender says "Hey! We have a drink called a grass.." ..No wait.. Got it!"Hey! We have a drink named after you!" Yea!Then Steve says "You have a drink named Steve!?"Then the bartender says "Nope, we have a drink called a grasshopper.  It's made with creme de menthe, creme de cacao and light cream shaken with ice and poured in a martini glass"Then I think Steve ordered one.
A chemist walks into a bar And asks for ammonia. The bartender says "we don't serve ammonia". The chemist asks "why?" And the bartender responds "we aren't amine bar, we are a nice bar."
A sandwich walks into a bar. The barman says ''Sorry we don't serve food in here''
A pirate walks into a bar with a steering wheel sticking out of his pants. When the bartender sees him he asks, "What's with the wheel in your pants?". The pirate replies, "Aaarrrr, I don't know but it's driving me nuts!". 
A pencil walks into a bar The bartender says, "We don't serve your type here."The pencil yells back "Erasist!" 
A procrastinator walks into a bar I'll post the rest later..
A piece of rope walks into a bar. Asks for a beer. Bartender says, "Sorry,  we dont serve rope here" Rope leaves, ties himself in a knot and frizzes up his hair, and walks back in and orders a beer. "Hey,  aren't you the same piece of rope that walked in here a minute ago?""No" says the rope, "I'm a frayed knot"
A neutron walks into a bar and orders a drink When the neutron gets his drink, he asks, "Bartender, how much do I owe you?"The bartender replies, "For you, neutron, no charge."
A bloke walks into a bar in New Zealand and orders a shandy. All the Kiwis sitting around the bar look up,   expecting to see another Australian visitor.  The barman says, "You aren't from around here, are ya?"  The guy says, "No, I'm from Canada."  The bartender says, "What do you do in Canada?"  The guy says, "I'm a taxidermist."  The bartender says, "A tixidermist? What the hick is a tixidermist? Do you drive a tixi?' "No, a taxidermist doesn't drive a taxi. I mount animals."  The bartender grins and yells, "He's okay, boys. He's one of us!"  
How many "a man walks into a bar" jokes does it take to change a lightbulb? One, but you can be sure a whole Reddit community will appear to expand the joke, make it funnier and eventually run it into the ground.
A man walks into a bar and starts talking to three ducks He says to the first duck, "Hey, little guy! How's your day been?The response comes "Hi! I'm Hughie and I'm great! I've been in and out of puddles all day!"The man talks to the second duck. "And how are you doing?""Hi! I'm Dewey and I'm doing fantastic! I've been in and out of puddles all day!"The man turns to the third duck and says, "Haha, so you must be Louie! How are-"The third duck gloomly interrupts and says "No, I'm Puddles and I'm not having a good day."
Hillary walks into a bar [Removed]
A blind man walks into a bar ..and into a table and a chair.
A man walks into a bar with a brown paper bag. A man walks into a bar, and sits down on a barstool, placing a small brown bag on the counter next to him. He signals to the bartender and then proceeds to down 3 shots of scotch.The bartender, being no fool asks, “Hey man what’s wrong?”Without replying the man slowly reaches over and grabs the brown bag. Opening it, he pulls out a tiny piano. To the bartender’s surprise he reaches back in and pulls out a tiny man, who couldn’t be standing more than a foot tall, dressed in a full tuxedo. The tiny man walks up to the piano, pulls out the piano bench and carefully sits down. He then continues to play some of the most beautiful soothing music the bartender has ever heard.“Where on earth did you get this little man?!”“Oh I have a genie.”The bartender can barely contain his excitement, “You do? Can I see it?”“Of course, of course,” says the man pulling out an ornately decorated lamp.The bartender takes the lamp and rubs it and out pops a genie.“You have summoned me. What is your one wish sir?”“I want a million bucks!” The bartender shouts.Immediately the room begins to fill up with ducks. Feathers are flying everywhere, the other patrons begin screaming and running for the doors.As the ducks continue to appear out of thin air, the bartender looks frantically at the man with the brown bag who has a sly smile on his face.“WHAT HAPPENED!? I DIDN’T ASK FOR THESE DUCKS!!”“Well do you think I asked for a 12 inch pianist?”
A man walks into a bar And sees a tiny man playing the piano. He asked the bartender how he found this guy. The bartender tells him that there is a genie out back that will grant anyone's wishes. So the man goes to the genie and says "I wish for a million bucks". The genie snaps his fingers, and a million tiny ducks appear out of thin air. The man goes back to the bartender and exclaims "I asked for a million bucks, and the genie gave me a million ducks! What gives?" and the bartender looks at him and says "Do you really think I wished for a 12 inch pianist?"
A horse walks into a bar, the bartender asks him "Why the long face?"The horse replies:  "My crippling alcoholism has caused my wife to leave me."The bartender says "Holy shit a talking horse!"
A man walks into a bar and hits his head pretty hard. 
Goku walks into a bar and some tough guy immediately picks a fight with him. Kaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa-MeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeNext time on dragonball Z!
A lier, crook, and murderer walks into a bar. The bartender asks, "What'll it be, Mrs. Clinton?"
A politician walks into a bar and gets shot
A feminist walks into a bar EVERYONE IS SEXIST!
A woman walks into a bar and asks for a double-entendre. So he *gives it to her.*
A horse walks into a bar. The bartender says, “Hey.” The horse says, “You read my mind, buddy.”
A rope walks into a bar The bartender says, "get out, we don't serve ropes here." So the rope leaves, loosens up its end bits, and ties its self up. The rope then walks back into the bar and the bartender says, "aren't you the same rope I just told to get out of here?" And the rope says, "nope, I'm a frayed knot."
A polar bear walks into a bar Bartender: What'll you have?Polar bear: I'll have a gin and...................tonic. Bartender: OK but why the big pause?Polar bear looks down and says: I don't know...i was born with them. 
A guy walks into a bar with jumper cables around his neck Bar tender looks at him and says, "I guess I'll let you hang out but you better not start anything."
A man walks into a bar with a slab if Asphalt He exclaims, "A beer please! And one for the road!"
A man walks into a bar with a slab of asphalt "One beer please," he says, "And another for the road."
A jumper cable walks into a bar The bartender says, "I'll serve you, but you better not start anything!"
A skeleton walks into a bar The bartender asks, "Hey skeleton, what'll it be?"The skeleton replies, "I will have a beer...and a mop."
So, a pirate walks into a bar with a steering wheel attached to his penis The bartender asks the pirate, "Hey pirate, why do you have a steering wheel attached to your penis?"The pirate replies, "Arrrgh...it's driving me nuts!"
A man walks into a bar His alcohol dependency is tearing his family apart.
A blind man walks into a bar.. a table and a chair
A gorilla walks into a bar And several people get up to leave seeing the possible danger of the situation.
A young boy walks into a barber shop ... and the barber whispers to his customer, 'This is the dumbest kid in the world. Watch while I prove it to you.'The barber puts a dollar bill in one hand and two quarters in the other, then calls the boy over and asks, 'Which do you want, son?' The boy takes the quarters and leaves.'What did I tell you?', said the barber. 'That kid never learns!'Later, when the customer leaves, he sees the same young boy coming out of the ice cream store.'Hey, son! May I ask you a question? Why did you take the quarters instead of the dollar bill?'. Then the boy, licking his cone, replied,'Because the day I take the dollar, the game is over!'
A man walks into a bar in Westeros And the bartender says "stop speaking in third person Jaqen for fuck's sake"
A successful magician walks into a bar Another magician asks him,"Whats the best rick you have ever done?""I made my wife disappear"
So a fetus walks into a bar What? Fetuses can't walk you retard. 
A man with pockets full of cash, a woman on each arm and an orange for a head walks into a bar The barman asks what the deal is."Well", says the man, "I was walking on a beach when I found one of those old genie lamps washed up on the sand, so I rubbed it, and a genie came out and granted me three wishes.""So what were your wishes?""Well, I did the obvious thing and wished for my pockets never to be short of money, and wished to be irresistible to women.""I can see all that, but what's the deal with... with...". The barman points at the man's head."Oh, *this*?" says the man, pointing at the same."I asked for an orange for a head."
John walks into a bar and sits at the counter.  The bartender asks him "what would you like?"Before John can reply a well built man sitting next to him says "Get the 'special' shot, it makes you fly!""Yeah right, a shot that makes you fly."  John replies.  "If it makes you fly why don't you prove it"So the man asks the bartender for one 'special' shot.  The bartender slides it down the counter and the man slams it."Watch this"The man goes up the stairs to the second floor and jumps out the window.  Right before he hits the ground he hovers in place and lands softly on his feet."Told you!""That's crazy!  Let me get on of those shots!"John slams the shot and hustles up to the second floor, jumps out the window and SMASHES into the ground.The bartender looks at the man and says "You're a dick when you're drunk, Superman"
An old man walks into a bar ...and orders a beer. The bartender notices the guy's head is the size of a tennis ball."I have to ask, sir," says the bartender. "Without sounding rude, what happened to your head?"The old guy sighs and tells him, "My ship was torpedoed by the Germans in WWII. A mermaid rescued me and promised to grant me three wishes. For my first wish, I asked to return to the States. My second wish was to have all the money I would ever need. Finally, my third wish was to have sex with the mermaid.""That doesn't sound too bad," says the bartender. "Then what happened?""Well," sighs the man, "mermaids can't have sex, so I asked her if I could just have a little head... ." 
A man walks into a bar and orders a shot of vodka. The bartender asks "What happened?""I just found out my oldest son is gay" says the man, and the bartender pours him a shot. The next day the same man comes in and orders two shots of vodka."Today I found out that my youngest son is gay too" says the man and drinks the two shots. The next day, the man comes in again and orders five shots of vodka"For God's sake" says the bartender "does anybody in your family like women?""Apparently, my wife and daughter" says the man.
A man walks into a bar on the third floor. He sits down and orders a double vodka on the rocks, smashes his head three times on the counter and jumps out the window. A minute later the man walks back inside and orders another double vodka on the rocks, bangs his head on the counter and proceeds to jump out the window. When he again walks in the door, one of the patrons walks up to him and asks: "Excuse me, but how are you able to survive that fall?" The man replies: "If you are able to drink a double vodka on the rocks and bang your head on the desk three times you can do anything." The other patron says to the barkeep: "Give me one, I need to try this." He proceeds to down his drink, bashes his head and jumps out the window. The barkeep says to the first man: "You're cruel when you get drunk superman."
A guy walks into a bar and takes a seat next to another guy.The first guy says, "That's a familiar accent you got there, where ya from?"The other guy says "I'm Irish".First guy says "I'm Irish too! Where did you live in Ireland?"The second guy says "Dublin". First guy:"Me too! When did you graduate?"SG:"1978. What about you?"FG:"I graduated in '78 too. Where'd you go to school?"SG:"Saint Mary's. and you?"FG"I went to Saint Mary's too!"About that time, a new person walks into the bar. says to the bartender, "What's goin on?" The bartender says, "oh nothing much, the O'Reilly brothers are drunk again."
A gymnast walks into a bar. She is promptly deducted five points
A man walks into a bar *Bonk*
A guy walks into a bar and sits down. Bartender asks: "What can I get you?"Guy says: "Jack and coke"Bartender nods, goes under the bar, gets up, and puts an apple on the bar. The guy says, "I ordered a Jack and coke, what the hell is this." Bartender says "Just try it." The guy takes a bite and says to the bartender: "Holy shit this tastes just like Jack Daniels!" The bartender says "Turn it around." Guy turns the apple around, takes another bite and says "Holy shit this tastes just like coke!"Another guy comes into the bar, sits near the first guy. Bartender asks: "What can I get you?" Guy says: "Vodka tonic."Bartender nods, goes under the bar, pulls out an apple, and places it on the bar. The guy says "What the hell is this?" Bartender says, "Just try it." The guys does and exclaims "This tastes just like tonic!" The bartender says "Turn it around." The guy does and says "Wow! This tastes like vodka!"A third guy walks into the bar and sits down. The other two guys say: "This bartender has magic apples that taste like whatever you want! Seriously order ANYTHING and he'll give you an apple that tastes like it!"The guy says to the bartender: "Okay then, I want an apple that tastes like pussy."The bartender nods, goes under the bar, takes out an apple, and places an apple on the bar. The guy picks it up, takes a bite and immediately spits it out.The guys says: "This is disgusting! This tastes like ass!!"The bartender says: "Turn it around."
A man walks into a bar A guy walks into a bar and says to the barman, "Give me six double vodkas." The barman says, "Wow, you must have had one hell of a day." "Yeah, I just found out my oldest son is gay."The next day, the same guy comes into the bar and asks for six more double vodkas. When the bartender asks what's wrong, the man says, "I just found out that my youngest son is gay, too!"On the third day, the guy comes into the bar and orders another six double vodkas. The bartender says, "Jesus! Doesn't anybody in your family like women?"The man downs the first drink and shakes his head, "Yeah, my wife!"
[Sponsored] A man walks into a bar But first, a word from Budweiser...
A man walks into a bar and really needs to shit, he asks the bartender to use the bathroom and is given directions. He walks in and sees a regular toilet and a gorgeous golden one. So the man plops down on the golden one and has the most glorious shit he's ever had. The next day he goes into the same bar and does it again, this shit being better than the last. The third day he goes in and there's only the plain white toilet. He walks out and asks the bartender where the gold toilet went. The bartender looks at him and then yells "hey Frank, I found the fucker that's been shitting in your tuba!"
Pirate walks into a bar ... and as he sallies up to the bar and takes off his tricorne, the bartender notices it is lined with napkins... Curiosity gets the better of the bartender and as he points at the hat he asks, "napkins?"The pirate eyes him suspiciously and responds, "Aye, ye ain't a true pirate without a Bounty on ye head!"
A young guy walks into a bar. An old drunk sits with a shoe box on the stool next to him.The guy asks, "What's in the box?"The older guy says matter-of-factly, "A South American Blow Job Toad."The young guy looks around. "Can I try it?"The older guy nods. The young guy goes to the men's room and returns 20 minutes later."That was amazing," he says, "You've got to sell it to me."The old drunk concedes to sell the toad for a hefty sum. The happy young man struts home and meets his wife at the door."Where the hell have you been? What's in the box?" she demands."South American Blow Job Toad.""So?" asks the wife."So, teach it to cook and get the fuck out."
A guy walks into a bar with his pet monkey. He orders a drink, and while he's drinking, the monkey jumps all over the place, eating everything behind the bar. Then the monkey jumps on to the pool table and swallows a billiard ball.The bartender screams at the guy, "Your monkey just ate the cue ball off my pool table -- whole!""Sorry," replied the guy. "He eats everything in sight, the little bastard. I'll pay for everything."The man finishes his drink, pays and leaves.Two weeks later, he's in the bar with his pet monkey, again. He orders a drink, and the monkey starts running around the bar. The monkey finds a maraschino cherry on the bar. He grabs it, sticks it up his ass, pulls it out and eats it.The bartender is disgusted. "Did you see what your monkey did now?" he asks."Yeah," replies the guy. "He still eats everything in sight, but ever since he swallowed that cue ball, he measures stuff first."
A chicken walks into a bar Chicken: got any chicken food?Bartender: Nope, thats across the road.That answers that question
Godzilla Walks into a Bar ...and sees King Kong at the end of the bar downing whiskey, looking like he's trying to drown his sorrows."What's wrong, big guy? Godzilla asks."My old lady just ran off with another guy," says Kong, throwing back another Jack Daniels."That's tough! But what man could beat your time?""It wasn't a man. In fact, it was a whale: Moby Dick!""Wow," says Godzilla, "But what did she see in that big fish?" Then Godzilla lowered his voice and asked, "Was it that he had you beat, you know, uhh.. down there?""No," says Kong, "I had him matched in that department. Guess I just couldn't compete with a guy who has a six foot long tongue and can breathe though a hole in the top of his head!"
An ISIS member walks into a bar And He offers everyone free shots!
F(x) walks into a bar the bartender looks at him and says "Sorry we don't cater for functions"
Guy walks into a bar Orders 9 shots of whiskey, the bartender asks what he's celebrating, the man says his very first blow job occurred just moments before, the bartender says "Hell, let me buy you another one then" the guy says "No thanks, if these don't take the taste out of my mouth, one more won't help".An oldie but a goody.
A preacher walks into a bar. The preacher notices a drunk sitting at the bar and he strikes up a conversation. "Hello sir, I was wondering if you have found Jesus yet." The drunk looks up and replies "Nope!" So the preacher grabs him by the collar and drags him out he door and down to the creek. He then quickly submerges the man into the water and says "Then Jesus came from Galilee to the Jordan to be baptized by John. Hallelujah!" The preacher pulls the man to the surface of the water and asks him if he has found the lord. "Are you trying to drown me mother fu." the man screamed but was cut off as the preacher submerges him again and continues the baptism. "Jesus replied, “Let it be so now; it is proper for us to do this to fulfill all righteousness.” Then John consented." The preacher pulls the man to the surface again and asks him if he has found Jesus. "I can't breath. I need air. Please sto.." but without hesitation the preacher plunges the man below again and continues. "Jesus replied, “Let it be so now; it is proper for us to do this to fulfill all righteousness. Then John consented." Amen. The preacher smiled and looked down at the surface of the water and no bubbles were coming to the surface. He then dragged the drunk to the shore and began to perform CPR. After a few seconds the drunk coughed and spat up water. The preacher smiled and asked the drunk. "My son, have you found Jesus." The drunk looked at the preacher and said, "I looked everywhere under the water. I don't think Jesus is down there."
A woman walks into a bar and asks the bartender for a double entendre. So he gave her one.
A man walks into a barber shop for a shave. While the barber is foaming him up, he mentions the problems he has getting a close shave around the cheeks. "I have just the thing," says the barber taking a small wooden ball from a nearby drawer. "Just place this between your cheek and gum." The client places the ball in his mouth and the barber proceeds with the closest shave the man has ever experienced. After a few strokes the client asks in garbled speech. "And what if I swallow it?" "No problem," says the barber. "Just bring it back tomorrow like everyone else does." 
A guy walks into a bar ...and sees a gorgeous woman nursing a drink. Walking up behind her he says: "Hi there, good lookin'. How's it going?" Having already downed a few power drinks, she turns around, faces him, looks him straight in the eye and says: "Listen up, buddy. I screw anybody, anytime, anywhere, your place, my place, in the car, front door,back door, on the ground, standing up, sitting down, naked or with clothes on,dirty, clean... It just doesn't matter to me. I've been doing it ever since I got out of college and I just flat-ass love it." Eyes now wide with interest, he responds: "No kidding. I'm a lawyer too. What firm are you with?"
Guy walks into a bar and sits Off to the side an old hag of a prostitute waits on a stool. He gives her a glance. She raises an eyebrow. He cocks his head. She winks back. He motions at the seat next to him. She slithers on over. "You got something to say, big boy?""Yeah," he replies. "When are you gonna get around to buy'n me a drink?"
A Basketball player walks into a bar ...sits down and orders a club sandwich.He eats the club, gets up, drools, spins around, pulls out a pistol and shoots the newly hired piano player and starts to run back home!The bartender dumbfounded and angered that this is the third time this happens this week, "not this again, fucking pandas and koalas what's up with this ball player"So he chases the player down and yells "Hey you just ate my club sandwich, drooled all over the place, spun around and shot my new piano player"The player replies "hey I'm a basketball player look it up". The frustrated bartender pulls out a dictionary from behind the bar and looks up basketball player. The dictionary said " a man who dribbles spins and shoots and then heads home side"
A Koala walks into a bar A Koala bear walks into a bar, sits down and orders a BLT sandwich. The Koala eats the BLT sandwich, gets up, spins around, pulls a pistol out of his pouch, shoots the piano player, and proceeds to walk out of the bar. The bartender, in shock, shouts to the Koala, "Hey, who do you think you are, you ate my sandwich and shot my piano player, and just where do you think you're going!?" The Koala replies, "Hey, I'm a Koala. Look it up." The frustrated bartender pulls out a dictionary from behind the bar and looks up Koala: The dictionary said "n. a marsupial that eats shoots and leaves."
A man walks into a bar and sees his friend sulking over his drink He asks him:"What's the matter, dude? Why are you so blue?""Oh, my father died three months ago, he left me 10,000€.""Oh, man, I didn't know... My condolences.""Yeah, and month after that my mother dies, leaving me 15,000€.""Damn, that sucks...""And just last month, my aunt died, leaving me 20,000€.""Man, it must be so hard for you, losing three close relatives in three months.""Tell me about it... This month I haven't gotten a single cent."
So a guy walks into a bar 3 weeks later, he's a lawyer!
A guy walks into a bar and says "Ouch!"
A man walks into a bar with a monkey Everyone in the bar goes wild, "Hey look at that monkey!"  Immediately, the monkey jumps up onto the bar.  He grabs a handful of peanuts and eats them.  Then he grabs a handful of pistachios and eats them.  Then he jumps onto the billiards table, sticks the white pool ball in his mouth and swallows it whole.  &nbsp;The bar crowd is amazed, "Hey man your monkey is amazing, he swallowed that ball whole!"  "I know the damn monkey eats everything in sight, let me finish my drinks and I'll pay for the ball" the owner says.  He finishes his drinks, pays and leaves.  &nbsp;Two weeks later the monkey returns and hops right back on the bar, except this time he take an olive sticks it up his ass pulls it out and eats it, takes a cherry sticks it up his ass pulls it out and eats it.  Someone asks, "Hey what's up with your monkey man?"  &nbsp;Owner replies, "He measures everything first, ever since he had to shit out that pool ball." 
A man walks into a bar Ouch-badumtiss-
Man walks into a bar Says to the bartender "let me get a bottle of anything that's not vodka."Bartender says "why not vodka?" Man replies "well I drank a whole bottle of that last night and blew chunks."Bartender says "drink a whole bottle of anything and you'll throw up."Man says "no you don't understand, chunks is my dog."
A horse walks into a bar The bartender asks "why the long face?" The horse unable to understand human speech promptly takes a dump on the floor and leaves
A horse walks into a bar and the bartender says, "why the long face?"
A string walks into a bar. The bartender says: Get out Strang! We dun serve yer kind hurr! So the string goes out back, ties himself into a knot, scruffs up one end and walks back in. Bartender: Hey! Ain't you that strang i juss kickt out?! String: Nope, I'm a frayed knot! I know....... Sooooo bad. My aunt made me post it after showing her /r/jokes
So this guy walks into a bar. and says "ouch"
So a blind man walks into a bar and a table, and a couple of chairs
A trucker walks into a bar ...drinks a glass of poison and dies immediately. 
Helen Keller walks into a bar Then a table, then a chair.
A C-string walks into a bar and points to a char next to a float. "Can I join you?" he asks. The float replies "You're not my type" and orders a double.
Liam Neeson walks into a bar Liam: Table for one please.Barman: Sure. Where would you like to sit?Liam: How about over there?Barman: Sorry, that seat's Taken....Liam: Ok then. What about here?Barman: That seat's Taken 2.
A famous boxer walks into a bar Hoping to settle in for a quiet drink, he was not at all surprised to be recognized. Still, this was not his first go around and he knew just how to take care of it."Okay everyone tell ya what. What if I gave you each a good hit? Nothing hard or nothing, just something so that you can say I did it"He knew that after this everyone would settle down, having had their fun. He did sternly ask them all to stand shoulder to shoulder while waiting for him."Alright I'm going to go get my glove out of the car, but damnit everyone better be lined up and ready to go when I get back in here."The  boxer soon returned to the bar, glove in hand, and saw the entire group excitedly milling about. Wordlessly, he turned around and walked out in disgust.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;That's it, that's the joke. Sorry, there was no punchline.
Have you heard the string joke? A string walks into a bar and orders a beer ...The bartender says, "I'm sorry, sir, we don't serve strings here". The string, without saying a word, walks outside where he proceeds to tie himself into knots and mess up his "hair". When he walks back in and asks for a beer the bartender says, "Aren't you the string that was just in here." "No, he answered, "I'm afraid not".
A zombie walks into a bar and the bartender says "Get a life."
A woman walks into a bar and asks for a double entendres So the bartender gives it to her. 
A Turkish guy walks into a bar Fucking prison.
Helen Keller walks into a bar And a table. And some chairs.
A man walks into a bar ...and says "Ouch."
A man walks into a bar and asks for a Jack & Coke The bartender asks, "Is Pepsi fine?" The man says yes. The bartender then pours Pepsi & Coke in a glass.
So a muslim guy walks into a bar.. Orders a drink, quietly enjoys it and then leaves.What? Were you expecting a more explosive punch line?
Helen Keller walks into a bar. And then a table. And then a chair. Another table....
A man walks into a bar.. IS have claimed responsibility for his actions, stating: "he is a true soldier of the islamic state"
A roman walks into a bar holds up two fingers and says "5 beers please"﻿.
A snake walks into a bar And the bartender asks "How the fuck did you do that?"
So a guy walks into a bar for a beer Sits down and spots a jar full of 20$ notes , he asks the bartender what it was for and the bartender explains that if anyone does the 3 bar challenges , they would get the jar as a reward . So the man asks what the challenges were and the bartender starts explaining ...1. You have to go knock out that buff guy at the back in one punch 2. That huge german sheperd has a sore tooth so you must pull it out bare handed 3. You must give that ugly woman her first orgasm The man says nah il pass mate , he drinks a couple beers and then gets messed up so he goes to the really buff dude . POW one hit ko the buff dude is sent flying into the wall . He then leaves outside to the dog and after a lot of growling and barking the guy comes back in and asks the bartender : " Wheres the woman with a sore tooth ?"
A beer matt walks into a bar.. Drinks are on me!
A chicken walks into a bar and clucks at the bartender. The bartender says, "No fowl language allowed"
A mushrooms walks into a bar ... The bartender yells "Get the hell outta here!" The mushroom says "But why?! I'm a Fungi!"
A Chinese guy walks into a bar, and sits next to Jeff, and starts drinking his beer. Jeff asks him :• My friend, do you know any martial arts, kung fu, karate or other stuff?• Why do you ask, is it because i'm Chinese? • No, it's because you are drinking my beer.
A pirate walks into a bar He has a ship's wheel in his pants. The bartender asks "Why do you have a ship's wheel in your pants?"The pirate replies "I don't know, but it's drivin' me nuts"
Walks into a bar horsing around A farmer walks into a bar with a horse. He says, "I will give any of you $1,000 if you can make my horse laugh."A man yells, "I'll take that bet," and leads the horse into the men's room.After a couple seconds, a loud braying laugh is heard from behind the door. The farmer screams to the man, "OK, I'll give you $2,000 if you can make my horse cry."The man shouts, "You're on!"After a few more seconds, the man exits with the horse trudging behind him with tears streaming down his long-snout. Flabbergasted, the farmer asks, "How did you do it?"The man replies, "I said that my d**k was bigger than his and he laughed. Then I showed it to him."
Batman walks into a bar.. followed by 13 sodium atoms......(for all you chemists out there....)
A neutron walks into a bar and asks, "How much for a drink?" The bartender replies, "For you? No charge."
So the ghost of Hitler walks into a bar The ghost of hitler takes a seat next to the bartender and the bartender says, "Hitler?! What are you doing back from the dead?!"To which Hitler responds,"I haf come bach to keell all zee jews! Unt one sad clown!"
Helium walks into a bar The bartender says "sorry we don't serve noble gases here."The helium did not react
A blind old cowboy walks into a bar An old, blind cowboy wanders into an all-girl biker bar by mistake. He finds his way to a bar stool and orders a shot of Jack Daniels.After sitting there for a while, he yells to the bartender, “Hey, you wanna hear a blonde joke?”The bar immediately falls absolutely silent.In a very deep, husky voice, the woman next to him says,“Before you tell that joke, Cowboy, I think it is only fair, given that you are blind, that you should know five things:1. The bartender is a blonde girl with a baseball bat.2. The bouncer is a blonde girl.3. I'm a 6-foot tall, 175-pound blonde woman with a black belt in karate.4. The woman sitting next to me is blonde and a professional weight lifter.5. The lady to your right is blonde and a professional wrestler.Now, think about it seriously, Cowboy. Do you still wanna tell that blonde joke?” The blind cowboy thinks for a second, shakes his head and mutters, 'No... not if I'm gonna have to explain it five times....'
Jesus walks into a bar. The bartender says "Hey Jesus, what'll you be having".Jesus - "Oh the usual, I'll have a rusty nail".
A man walks into a bar and takes a seat. He then sets his briefcase on the bar and pulls out a tiny piano and a tiny man. He sets them both on the bar and, immediately, the tiny man starts playing the tiny piano. The bartender looks over, astounded, and asks "sir, where did you get that tiny piano player?" "Well, I just made a wish on this magic lamp I found," he replied with little enthusiasm, retrieving the lamp from the briefcase. The bartender pleaded with the man to let him make a wish of his own, and the man accepted. "I wish I had a million bucks!" the man exclaimed, as he rubbed the lamp. Within moments, the entire bar and the surrounding area was littered with ducks. The bartender, confused, said "What the hell? This thing doesn't even work, I didn't wish for ducks." The man replied "well, did you really think I wished for a twelve inch pianist?"
A man walks into a bar with hiccups (the man has hiccups), and he asks the bartender to cure it. The bartender immediately pulls out a pistol, and the man says thank you and leaves.
A black guy walks into a bar with a beautiful parrot on his shoulder The bartender looks at him and his parrot and says:"Wow, that's beautiful. Where did you get it?""Africa", says the parrot.
A deer walks into a bar Doe!
A nerd walks into a bar It was a Poké Stop
John Wayne walks into a bar And asks the bartender if he can use his private restroom."No!" Says the bartender, "You can use the public one, just like everybody else!"John wayne replies: "Oh come on man, I'm John Wayne!""No preferential treatment, either use the public one, or get out."John Wayne thinks for a while, hoping from foot to foot, before he gives in, and waddles off the the mens room.A few moments later he returns with his left pat-leg totally soaked."What the hell happened to you?!" Exclaimed the bartender."Happens to me every time! I go up to the urinal, and the guy standing next to me turns around saying 'Hey! It's John Wayne!'"
A guy walks into a bar. ouch!
A guy walks into a bar his face gets bruised, his phone shatters on the concrete, and the Pokemon gets away.
A Yankee walks into a bar in Alabama and orders a cosmopolitan.The bartender looks at the man and says "You're not from'round here are ya?""No" replies the, "I'm from New Hampshire." The bartender looks at him and says, "Well what do you do in New Hampshire?""I'm a taxidermist," says the man. The bartender looks bewildered, so the man explains, "I mount dead animals."The bartender stands back and hollers to the whole bar, "It's OK, boys! He's one of us!"
A nudist woman walks into a bar And tells the bartender "one beer please"The bartender just looks at her from head to toes. "What? Haven't  you ever seen a naked woman?" --"Oh yeah many times"--"Well, why do you keep staring  at me then?"--"I'm just wondering where you keep your money to pay for the beer"
A float walks into a bar See's someone very close to his type.Must of been his double-ganger
A gay schizophrenic walks into a bar  ... and tonight he's in luck, for it appears there are many attractive and naked drunk men all over these strange looking rectangular tables.  Many are also having sex under these unique heavy tablecloths.  He hears a voice calling out from one of the tables, and the schizo immediately jumps in and has sex with the man under the tablecloth.  The man is screwed so well he screams in pure joy.  The schizophrenic moves from table to table having sex with each man.  After about thirty-minutes pass, the schizo is satisfied and he leaves the bar only to find several policemen drawing their guns to him.  The schizo asks the policeman who cuffs him why it was wrong for him to have sex with men on those tables.  "Tables?!  Men?!" the policeman says, taken aback.  "Those were beds sir.  You just went into an orphanage."
A man walks into a bar to drown himself in alcohol, because of the jokes made about him online.
A spam bot walks into a bar ...A spam bot walks into a bar ...A spam bot walks into a bar ...A spam bot walks into a bar ...A spam bot walks into a bar ...A spam bot walks into a bar ...A spam bot walks into a bar ...A spam bot walks into a bar ...A spam bot walks into a bar ...A spam bot walks into a bar ...A spam bot walks into a bar ...A spam bot walks into a bar ...A spam bot walks into a bar ...A spam bot walks into a bar ................
Boy playing Pokémon go walks into a bar He should've been paying attention
A man with authority walks into a bar Orders everyone a round
A man walks into a bar and says ow
A man walks into a bar carrying a small pig. "Where the hell did you get?" the barkeep asks. "I won it, playing cards", says the pig.
So a pirate walks into a bar... The bartender says "You look so annoyed!".  The pirate points down and says "Yargh - I have a steering wheel at the end of my penis. It's drivin' me nuts!"
A man walks into a bar with a gun.. A guy walked into a local bar, waving his unholstered pistol and yelled, “I have a 45 caliber Colt 1911 with a seven round magazine plus one in the chamber and I want to know who’s been sleeping with my wife.”A voice from the back of the room called out, “You need more ammo!”
A cute babe walks into a bar removed
A girl walks into a bar and asks the bartender for a double entendre so he gives it to her
A guy walks into a bar and sees a sign over the bar which reads:Cheese sandwich $2 Ham sandwich $3 Hand-job $10  He checks his wallet, then approaches the gorgeous barmaid."Are you the one who gives the hand-jobs" he asks."Yes" she says with a smile."Well wash your fucking hands and make me a cheese sandwich!"
Schrødringer's cat walks into a bar Or not
Schrodinger's cat walks into a bar Schrodinger's cat walks out of a bar
A Pokemon Go user walks into a bar. He was too busy looking at his phone to notice it.
A drunk man walks into a bar  "Jesus, Craig, you suck at playing limbo!" said the man's friend.
The Samsung Galaxy S7 walks into a bar But it isn't waterproof so it breaks.
A sandwich walks into a bar The bartender looks at it and says, "Sorry, we don't serve food here."
A chinese man walks into a bar and buys it. 
Giraffe walks into a bar and says The hi-balls are on me.
A Pokemon go user walks into a bar Because he was too busy looking at his phone to notice it
A Instagram user walks into a bar A Instagram user walks into a #bar #pub #brewery #happyhour #bigplace #beer #night #party #fun #photography #conceptual #art #drink #peperoni #olives #lights #table #chair #followme
A guy walks into a bar And orders a drink. As the bartender is pouring the mans drink, he notices the man sneezing multiple times, then reaches down his pants and wipes himself off. Wondering  the bartender asks " what the hell was that about?!" the man explains that he suffers from a rare medical condition. "Once I sneeze I cant help but orgasm." The bartender is amazed and asks "really? What do u use for that condition?!" the man just grins and says " Black pepper "
A Black Asian with a beard walks into a bar He should've ducked
A gender bent walks into a bar and orders a drink.
A black man walks into a bar And the cops shoot him.
A bear walks into a bar The bartender says , what can I get you ?   The bear says "let me get uhh.......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................BeerThe bartender says sure, but why the long pause?  The bear holds up his arms and says, "because I'm a fucking bear. "
A horse walks into a bar "Why the long face?" asks the bartender... The horse replies, "I've just realized I'm a metaphysical concept residing within a fictional narrative, and will cease to exist at the end of this sentence.”
A horse walks into a bar. The bartender asks why the long face? The horse Lacking a cognitive perspective or ability to understand the English language. He looks at the bartender abruptly shits on the floor and leaves.
A horse walks into a bar. Everyone leaves seeing the potential danger in the situation.
A man walks into a bar "Ouch" he says
A blind man walks into a bar.. And a table. And a chair.
A horse walks into a bar And the bar tender says "why the long face?"The horse replies "my wife just died of cancer."
A boomerang walks into a bar Bartender says, "Hey, I thought I threw you out of here!"
A pirate walks into a bar. He has the helm of a ship sticking out of his pants.  The bartender very timidly asks him if he would like a drink. "Arrrgh I'll have a pint of grog!"The bartender gets him his drink, and everyone in the bar starts to whisper to each other about the pirate.  After his third glass of grog, the bartender walks up to the pirate and says, "hey buddy, everybody is wondering, what's with the steering wheel sticking out your pants?""Arrrgh its me wife.  She's been driving me nuts all day."
A cowboy walks into a bar ... and the bartender notices that the cowboy's horse is outside laughing."How'd you get him to do that?" he asks the cowboy."I'll tell you tomorrow." replies the cowboy.The next day, the cowboy returns and the bartender sees the horse is crying."How'd you get him to do that?" the bartender asks."I'll tell you tomorrow." replies the cowboy. The next day the cowboy shows up without his horse and he sits at the bar and says to the bartender, "The first day, I told my horse my dick was bigger than his. The second day, I showed him."
Lee Harvey Oswald walks into a bar and shoots some Jack
A man walks into a bar ... that's one way to lose a hurdle race.
A mushroom walks into a bar Sits down next to a hot chick trying to strike up a conversation. The woman is disgusted and tells the mushroom to go away. The mushroom says, "Oh come on, I'm a fun guy!"
A man walks into a bar only to have the building itself disappear into thin air Angry, he turns around, leaves the empty spot where the building used to be and eventually runs into someone asking for directions to the now missing bar.The angry man tells him: "I wouldn't recommend going there. It's the worst place I've been to, bar none!"
A horse walks into a bar "Why the long face?" asks the bartender...The horse replies, "I can no longer make ends meet based solely on the royalties from Sex in the City."
A guy walks into a bar He orders a shot of whiskey.The bartender asks "Rough Day?"The guy replies, "Yeah" and drinks the whiskeyThe guy said "You know, i think should be more open and interact with my family"The bartender said, "Of course! family is where we are safe and accepted and must not be neglected. Go to your family and cherish every moments.""Thanks man!" said the guy and happily exits the bar.The bartender waved goodbye to the guy and felt great about himself.Then suddenly the bartender remember that the guy didn't pay. 
A Nondrunk guy walks into a bar A nondrunk guy walks into a bar and sits down. He notices a jar stuffed with $10 bills. So he asks the bartender "Whats with the jar?" The bartender swiftly responds "You have to take a test, If you do it, you can take the bills and the jar."The man thinking he is a smart guy asks "What is the test?" The bartender replies "You have to put $10 in first." The man groans and puts $10 dollars in and asks again "What is the test?" The bartender replies "First you have to drink this entire bottle of hot sauce without making a face. Outside there is a dog with a sore tooth, and upstairs there is a 90-year-old virgin. Have fun" The guy gets mad and stomps out of the bar. A few minutes later, A already drunk guy stumples in and sits down at the bar. He glaces at the jar and asks "What's with the jar?" The bartender replies "You have to take a test , and if you pass, you get the entire jar and bills." The drunk man without thinking says "Ok!" And stuffs the jar with a $10 dollar bill. The bartender tells him the test "First you have to drink this entire bottle of hot sauce. Outside there is a dog with a sore tooth, and upstairs there is a 90-year-old virgin upstairs. Have fun! The drunk guy picks up the hot sauce and chugs the hot sauce without even flinching, He stumples out back. There is a huge snarl and bark. Just when they think he is dead, he walks back in and says "Now where is the old lady with a sore tooth?"
A Roman walks into a bar (Latin joke) A Roman walks into a bar and says "I'll have one martinus please." The bartender a little puzzled replies, "don't you mean one martini?" The Roman scoffs and says "oh please, if I wanted two I would have asked."
A man walks into a bar (reddit version) A man walks into a bar, sits and asks for a beer. The barman looks at him, and tries to start a conversation. "What's your job, my fellow?""I'm a comedian" says the man, looking down and avoiding the barman eyes. "Absolutely fantastic! My costumers are always depressed and sad-looking, please, tell them a joke!"The man reluctantly starts telling a joke and, when he finishes, everyone laughs. The couple of costumers who listened to his joke ask for another one, and so on, until a great number of people gather around him.Seeing what is happening, the barman says:"you are a great comedian! You could become famous!"The man immediately starts crying, amd no one can make him stop. When he is able to talk again, the barman asks him:"Why did you start crying? I was serious, I was not joking!"The man, sobbing and weeping off the last tears, says:"Indeed I could, but every time I tell a joke and everybody laughs, that fucking ShittyJokeExplanationBot takes all the money and the popularity!"
So a blind guy walks into a bar  Poor guy didn't see it coming.
Chuck Norris walks into a bar The bar says ouch.
A man walks into a bar, He says ouch.
Nigel Farage walks into a bar Convinces the patrons to set it on fire, and then leaves.
A piece of Rope walks into a bar A piece of rope walks into the bar and calls for the bartender and says"Hey bartender, give me a drink"The bartender acknowledges the rope, but as he's handing him the drink, stops suddenly and says"Get out of my bar! We don't serve your kind here!"So the piece of rope walks outside, pissed at the fact he couldn't get a drink. He mulls around outside for a bit until he thinks of an idea. The rope twists himself up and frizzes up his hair, walks back into the bar and says"Hey bartender! How about a drink?"So the bartender gets what he asked for, walks over to the bar and says"Don't I know you? Aren't you that piece of rope I kicked out earlier?"The rope says"Nope, I'm a frayed knot"
An ugly man walks into a bar and a beautiful woman approaches him ... the woman asks the man, "How would you like to get out of here?" and the man is stunned. He never thought a woman like her would ever approach him so he agrees. They both get into his car and drive really far. He stops at a cliff with the view of the whole city. Within seconds they start taking off their clothes. After 15 minutes of vigorous sex they finally finish. They both put their clothes on and they both just sit there awkwardly. The woman speaks up and says "I'm a prostitute and its going to be 100 dollars for my service." The man is stunned and saddened that she didn't really like him. He gives her the money and they both sit there awkwardly. The woman tells him that she is ready to leave and the man replies "I'm a taxi driver and its going to be 150 dollars for the ride here and back."
A snake walks into a bar "How did you do that?"
A man walks into a bar. A man walks into a bar & orders a jack and coke. The bartenders gives the man an apple. The guy looks baffled & the bartender tells him to just try it. The man took a bite out of the apple. "That tastes like Jack!" "Turn it around." Says the bartender.The man takes a bite out of the other side. "That tasted like coke!"Another patron walks in & orders a rum & Sprite. The bartender once again places an apple in front of him. This man is equally as baffled as the first. The guy next to him tells him to just try it. He takes a bite & says, "that tastes like rum!"The bartender chimes in & tells him to "turn it around." The man takes a bite out of the other side and it tastes like Sprite. The two men look @ each other with surprise. A third man walks in & before he has a chance to order a drink, the first two men tell him that the bartender can make him anything he could ever want.  The man, in disbelief, says, "well in that case, I want some pussy!" The bartender places an apple in front of him & everyone is shocked. The two men talk him into trying the apple.He takes a bite & spits it out & yells, "that tastes like shit!"The bartender laughs & says, "turn it around."
A cocky motorcyclist walks into a bar and sees a depressed man all by his lonesome staring at a beer. Nonchalantly, the motorcyclist strides up to the man and quickly drinks the beer, before putting the empty glass down and letting go of a belch. The man bursts into tears, which baffles the motorcyclist.''Relax, if that beer meant so much to you I'll buy you another'' he says. The man tearfully looks at him and replies ''it's not the beer I'm upset about, it's the fact that I can't afford any more liquid poison''
WALKS INTO A BAR FRUGAL GORILLA A gorilla walks into a bar and says, "A scotch on the rocks, please." The gorilla hands the bartender a $10 bill.The bartender thinks to himself, "This gorilla doesn't know the prices of drinks," and gives him 15 cents change.The bartender says, "You know, we don't get too many gorillas in here."The gorilla replies, "Well, at $9.85 a drink, I ain't coming back, either.
A guy walks into a bar and he sees this sad guy sitting there, so he decides to cheer him up.He goes and sits down, asks him what is troubling him. The guy replies "I lost my third wife"Nice guy responds "Damn man that's horrible, if you dont mind me asking, what happened to the first wife?""She ate poison mushrooms"Nice guy is shocked he says "Damn man that's horrible, I have to ask, what happened to the second wife?""She ate poison mushrooms too"Now he's shocked "That's horrible! I have to know, what happened to your third wife?""She got butchered by an axe"Now the nice guy is curious and he has to ask "How did that happen?""She didn't want to eat the poison mushrooms"(I searched but this joke has never been told properly before so I hope you guys like it)
A woman walks into a bar with a newt on her shoulder. The barman says, "You've got a newt on your shoulder, love. What do you call him?" The lady replies, "His name is Tiny" The barman replies, "Why Tiny?" The woman replies, "Because he is my newt."
A Russian fresh off the boat walks into a Bar He is carrying a bucket of shit,a dead cat and he has a pistol in his waist.He walks up to the bar and takes a seat.with a thick Russian accent he says to the Bartender " Give me a beer".the bartender does.The Russian slammed the beer back,than he pulls the pistol and puts one round into the bucket of shit and than takes a bite out of the dead cat.This goes on three more times till finally the Bartender says" what are you doing" the Russian replies"I'm doing like all GREAT AMERICANS DO,DRINK BEER,SHOOT SHIT AND EAT PUSSY!!"
A guy walks into a bar and says "shit I should've prepared for this"
A bartender walks into a bar The man said,Why are you late.
A time traveler walks into a bar The bartender says, "Sorry, we don't serve time travelers here."A time traveler walks into a bar
Helen Keller walks into a bar and a table. And some chairs.
A man walks into a bar and sees a young, attractive woman. He approaches her and asks, "Excuse me, Miss. I was curious, would you be willing to sleep with me for one million dollars?" She responds, "Well certainly!" Again he asks, "How about for  $10?" This time she answers, "Not at all. What do you think I am?" The man replies, "I have already established what you are. I'm just trying to negotiate a better price."
A prostitute walks into a bar and asks the bar tender for a toothpick. The bartender says "we don't serve your kind here, please leave". The prostitute replied, "if you give me a toothpick I will leave". The bartender gave her a toothpick and she left.#A second prostitute walks into the same bar and also asks the bar tender for a toothpick. The bartender says "we don't serve your kind here, please leave". The prostitute replied, "if you give me a toothpick I will leave". The bartender gave her a toothpick and she left.#A third prostitute entered the bar and before she could speak the bartender asked her "let me guess, you want a toothpick?" She responded by saying, "No, I want a straw". As the bartender was about to hand the prostitute a straw he asked her why she wanted a straw. The third prostitute replied by saying:#"Someone threw up outside but a couple of girls beat me to the best bits"
A big, bad dude walks into a bar. He yells, "Everybody to my left are assholes and everybody to my right are S.O.B.'s." A little old man gets up and starts walking. Dude yells, "Where do you think you are going?" Little old man says, " My wife said I'm on the wrong side."
A horse walks into a bar The bartender asks "what do you want?". The horse, not understanding the English language, takes a shit on the floor and leaves.
So a business owner walks into a bar He sits down, and starts to have a discussion with the bartender. Conversation eventually moves to his struggling business."You know, I just can't seem to keep trained staff on hand. The turnover is super high, and I've tried everything to keep employees to stay long enough to train the next batch. The stress is so bad I've gotten chronic diarrhea.""Sounds like a personnel problem."
The entire UK walks into a bar. Half of the  people decided to leave, so they all had to go.
A dolphin walks into a bar ...and the bartender says, "How the *hell* did you do that?!"
A panda walks into a bar and gobbles some beer nuts. Then he pulls out a gun, fires it in the air, and heads for the door. “Hey!” shouts the bartender, but the panda yells back, “I’m a panda. Google me!” Sure enough, panda: “A tree-climbing mammal with distinct black-and-white coloring. Eats shoots and leaves.”
Man walks into a bar. Why'd he ask for a glass of water Man walks into a bar, asks the bartender "may I have a glass of water please" the bartender complies. Before the man gets to drink the water, the bartender pulls out a gun and aims it at his head. The man who asked for the glass of water, says "thank you" & walks out of the bar. Why did the man ask the bartender for a glass of water ? 
A string walks into a bar  and orders a beer. The bartender says "We don't serve strings here." Causing the string walk out of the bar and tie himself in a knot and fray his end.The string walks back in and orders another beer. The bartender looks at him and says, "Hey aren't you a string?" The string replies, "No, I'm a frayed knot."
A man walks into a bar and says to the Bartender "I want 20 shots of whiskey, in a line right here!"  The bartender shrugs, assuming the mans friends must be coming in soon and pours the whiskey.  Once all the shots are poured the man begins throwing them back. He gets to the 10th and stops to take a breath.  The bartender says "Jesus Christ son, why are you doing that to yourself??"  And the man says "well, I'm celebrating cause I just had my first blowjob!"  And the bartender says "Oh well, congrats man, have at it!"  So the man again begins throwing back the last 10 shots. He gets to number 20 and says to the Bartender "Thanks, hopefully this will get the taste out of my mouth."
A man walks into a bar with a mouse on his shoulder. "What are you doing with that yoke in here?" asks the barman. The man replies "Well I have a proposition for you. The mouse gets to stay and I get a full bottle of good whiskey if I can show you this mouse playing the piano!". "Deal" says the barman, not believing this obvious drunk. The man sets the mouse on the table, brings out a tiny piano and, lo and behold, the mouse starts playing Mozart!"That's incredible" says the barman, and readily hands over the bottle. The man fills himself a glass and then brings out a toad onto the table. "Ah here, you're pushing your luck" says the barman."Well I have another proposition for you. If this toad can sing he can stay and I get a bottle of brandy" says the man. "Deal" says the barman, sure of himself now that a toad couldn't sing. Well, before their very eyes the toad sang 'Old man river' all the way through.A regular down the bar pipes up as the brandy is being passed over shouting "I'll give you fifty quid for the frog!"."Deal" says the man and they make the exchange, the regular leaving the pub delighted with himself."I know it's really not any of my business but you just have away a fortune you know" says the barman to the man."Not at all" says the man. "Sure the mouse is also a ventriloquist!".
A guy walks into a bar and see a large jar full of cash Guy walks into a bar and sees a large jar full of cash. He asks the bartender"What's all this money for?"Bartender says"I got this horse out back. If you can make it laugh, the money is all yours."The guy goes out back and within a minute the bar is filled with a neighing laughter coming from the horse. Guy walks back into the bar, collects his money and leaves.Two weeks later, same guy comes back to the same bar and sees the same jar full of money. He asks the bartender"What's all this money for?"Bartender says"Ever since you made that horse laugh, that's all he's been doing. Make him stop and the money's all yours."The guy goes out back and within a minute the bar becomes silent. Guy walks back into the bar, collects his money and is about to leave when the bartender asks him"Hey wait, how did you get him to laugh in the first place?"Guy responds"Oh that's easy, I told him I have a bigger dick than him."Bartender asks again"Then how did you get him to stop?"Guy goes "I showed it to him."
A Guy Walks Into A Bar With An Octopus Under His Arm He sets the octopus on a stool next to him and announces: "This is an amazing octopus. I'll bet anyone in this bar $50 that this octopus can play any instrument set in front of it." &nbsp;None of the people could believe this, so one guy brought up a guitar. The octopus took hold of the guitar and started picking away, better than Jimi Hendrix. The man took $50 from the guitarist. Next someone brings up a trumpet. The octopus started playing the trumpet, better than Herb Alpert. The man won another $50 from the trumpeter. Then some guy brought up some bagpipes. The octopus picked up the bagpipes for a minute and, looking a little puzzled, set them down again. &nbsp;"Can't you play the bagpipes?" asked the man. "Play it?" said the octopus, "I'm gonna screw it as soon as I figure out how to get its pajamas off."
A neutron walks into a bar.. A neutron walks into a bar and orders a drink. When the neutron gets his drink, he asks, "Bartender, how much do I owe you?"The bartender replies, "For you, neutron, no charge."
An Irish man walks into a bar And never walks out
Horse walks into a bar I made a horse walks into a bar joke. So here it isA horse walks into a bar. The bartender says "Why the horse face?" The horse says "Didn't you mean to say Why the long face?" The bartender thinks about it a bit then says "Yeah. Why the long face?"The horse rolls his eyes and walks away. The bartender's other bartender friend comes over and says "Way to jack up a joke there buddy."  The bartender replies "It's ok. I got it straight ... from the horse's mouth!"
A new guy in town walks into a bar and notices a large jar filled to the brim with $10 bills. The man approaches the bartender and asks, "What's up with the jar?""Well, you pay $10, and if you pass three tests, then you get all the money.""What are the three tests?" asks the man"Gotta pay first."So the guy gives him the $10, and the bartender adds it to the jar."OK, here's what you have to do. First, you have to drink that whole bottle of pepper tequila -- the WHOLE thing at once -- and you can't make a face while doing it. Second, there's a pit bull chained up out back with a sore tooth. You have to remove the tooth with your bare hands. Third, there is a 90-year-old woman upstairs who's never had an orgasm in her life. You gotta make things right for her.""Well, I know I've paid my $10," says the man, "but I'm not an idiot. No wonder you've collected so much money -- that's impossible!"The new guy proceeds to drink several whiskeys, and eventually, he gets up his nerve."Wherez zat teeqeelah?" he slurs.He grabs the bottle of pepper tequila with both hands and downs it, gulp by gulp. Tears are streaming down his cheeks, but he doesn't make a face. Next, he staggers out back. Everyone in the bar hears a huge scuffle outside -- barking, yelping and growling, then silence.Just when they think the man must be dead, he staggers back into the bar with his shirt ripped and gashes across his body."NOW," he says, "wherez at ol' lady with the sore tooth?"
A gay guy walks into a bar After a long hot day in the sun the gay guy needs a drink and walks into the bar. The bartender recognizes he is gay and asks him to leave.  The gay guy pleads with the bartender to allow him to stay for just a few drinks and he would be on his way with no problems. They agree and he orders his drinks. While sitting there a cowboy struts in "Wheeww, it's so hot out there today, I'm so thirsty I could lick the sweat off of a cow's balls!" The gay guy immediately turns to him and says "Moo-Moo buckaroo!"
A Catholic priest walks into a bar he shits all over the floor. It's disgusting. Customers leave. 
Man walks into a bar A gentleman walks into a bar and orders a drink. As the bartender is making his drink, he notices the man go into his jacket and pull out a tiny stool and place it on the bar. After fumbling around in another pocket, he pulls out a tiny piano and places it next to the stool. He then goes into another pocket and pulls out a tiny man.  The man walks over to the stool, pulls it up to the piano and begins to play. Astonished, the bartender asks, "Where did you get that tiny man?"The gentleman replies, "See, I found this bottle. And when you give it a nice rub, a genie will come out and grant you one wish." So he pulls the bottle out and hands it to the bartender. He rubs the bottle and a genie pops out. "You may have one wish!" She says. "I wish for a million bucks!" Replied the gleeful bartender. The genie nods her head and a cloud of smoke appears. When the smoke clears, the door to the bar opens and in walks a duck. And another duck. And more ducks. Until the whole bar is filled with ducks. The bartender turns to the gentleman and says, "Hey man I think your genie is hard of hearing." The gentleman replies, "Of course she is! You really think I wished for a twelve inch pianist???"
This rather attractive woman walks into a bar IT seems that one fine day, a very comely woman walks into a typical industrial-class workingman's bar. Several heads were turned as the sunlight permeated the smoky darkness.She confidently saunters up to the bar and hails the barman."Yes, ma'am. What can I get you today?""I'd like 12 scotches, neat."Thinking that's a bit of an odd order, he pours her a stiff one and sets it on the bar. "Slam!", she downs that drink like a free beer at a Geological Society of America convention. "Keep'em coming..." she purrs.One after another. 10, 9, 8 and all that. She drains those 11 scotches without so much as a hiccup. She pays up, thanks the barkeep, slumps like a poleaxed mule and passes out colder'n a mackerel. The barkeep looks over the bar at her, slumped between the peanut hulls and cigarette butts on the floor. Some of the regulars saunter over and inspect the scene as well. "Well", says Shady (a regular regular), "What'd we do with her now?""Y'know...", offers Earl (another regular), "She's so out of it, we could all have a wee bit of the ol' in/out/in/out, and she'd never be the wiser...just sayin'"A chorus of "Hell yeah's" and "Firsties!" rebound around the bar.After the deeds were done, she was cleaned up, her purse inspected, her address ascertained,  a cab called and she was sent on her way home.  The very next day, she infiltrates the bar again and... Confidently saunters up to the bar and hails the barman."Yes, ma'am. What can I get you today?""I'd like 12 scotches, neat.""Coming up."A dozen drinks later, the exact same scenario plays out.  The Lagavulin-slam, wipeout, rumpy-pumpy, deshevilization,  cab called, etc.The very next day, she infiltrates the bar again and..."Good day, Ma'am." exclaims the barkeep. "Your usual?""No, not today. Today I'd like 12 vodkas. Those damn scotches make my pussy hurt..."
A Koala walks into a bar So he sits down and after a while of chatting with the barkeep he starts to notice a girl eyeing him from across the bar. So he goes and talks to her and after some flirting they decide to go upstairsSo they go upstairs and get into the 69 position and when its all said and done the koala goes to leave, but the girl says "Hey, where's my money?" Appalled he says "What do you mean?" She replies by telling him to look up the definition of prostitute in the dictionary. He does so and it reads 'One who does sexual acts for money.' He then tells her to look up the definition of koala in the dictionary. She does this and it reads "small, tree dwelling marsupial that eats bush and leaves."
A termite walks into a bar and asks "Where is the bar tender?"
A grasshopper walks into a bar, and the bartender says, "Hey, we have a drink named after you!"The grasshopper looks surprised and asks, "You have a drink named Steve?"
A guy walks into a bar. He sees a pirate with a steering wheel in his pants. The guy asks "Why do you have a steering wheel in your pants?".The pirate says "I don't know but its driving me nuts!".
Emmanuel Lubezki walks into a bar and orders one shot.
A man walks into a bar So a man walks into a local bar. As he walks in he notices a room to the right. This room had four inch plexiglass walls and a faint locking system. In this room it was stacked chest high in 100 dollar bills. He contemplates what it could possibly be for. As he sits down at the bar he asks for a drink. When the bartender pours the drink the man says,         "Sir, if you don't mind me asking, what is that room for?"                                                                               "That room contains all the money of the people that failed my bet." The bartender replies.                  The man continued to drink while wondering what the bet could possibly be. He asked for another drink. This time when the Bartender gets there he asked what the bet was. The bartender simply stated the the bet was for only those brave enough to do the bet, not letting him know what it was. The man was two drinks in and was feeling pretty sure of himself and took the bet.                                       Thus, the bartender told him,"see that man over there in the corner. You have to punch and knock him out with one punch."                                                 "I think I can do that. Whiskey," said the man.                                  "But there's more!" Replied the bartender.                     "Okay, what else do I have to do? Whiskey!"              "I have a rabid Pittbull upstairs who needs his teeth pulled out by hand. Also, my 84 year old grand mother is in the room next to it. She has not had an orgasm in 50 years. You need to get her to squirt".   The man finished another drink, walked right up to nick the brick and knocked him out with one punch. He stumbled upstairs and slammed the door to the dogs room shut. From downstairs all you could hear was growling and whimpering from the dog and the grunting of the man. Then everything went silent. The man started to walk down the stairs again but instead tripped and fell. When he hit the floor, right before he passed out, he looked at the bartender and said,                                                    "Now where is that old lady who needed her teeth pulled?!"
A man walks into a bar Ouch!
An American man walks into a bar and as he sits down he overhears the conversation of the two women sitting next to him, speaking with British-sounding accents. He turns and asks, "Excuse me ma'am, that's a lovely accent, are you women from England?" The women instantly looked disgusted. One of them quickly and angrily replied "Wales, you idiot!" The man apologetically replied, "I'm sorry, are you whales from England?"
A string walks into a bar ...and asks the bartender for a beer.He nods toward a sign that says "We don't serve strings!". The string leaves and puts on a hat and walks back in. He tries to order a beer. The bartender goes to get one but looks at him suspiciously and asks "Are you a string?". The string says yes and leaves dejectedly. He makes one more effort and sneaks in through the bank door and goes into the bathroom. He ties the end of himself into a knot and frays the edges to look like hair. He goes to the bar and the bartender asks him...."Are you a string?"The string replies...."No, I'm a frayed knot!"
A neutron walks into a bar ...says, "I'll have a pint of your best bitter please barkeep,  and your  finest scotch for a chaser." The barman pours him his drinks, places them on the bar in front of him, and walks away. "Just a moment my good man!" exclaims the proton, "You haven't charged me for my drinks! What do I owe you?""For you sir," replied the barman, "no charge."
A man walks into a bar and sees a beautiful women. He goes over, sits next to her, and gets a drink. After sitting for a minute, he chuckles to himself. "What's so funny" asks the women. "I was gonna tell you a joke about my dick but it's too long""Oh" she says " I'd tell you one about my pussy, but you'll never get it"
A gorilla walks into a bar and orders a banana martini, the bartender thinks this is peculiar and realizes he's in a dream. He wakes up and hurriedly tells his wife the dream to which she tells him to shut the fuck up. The man then turns around and sobs, remembering his marriage is in shambles 
A man walks into a bar Ouch
An Irish man walks into a bar He likes the place very well. He gets to know all the other regular patrons and the bar begins to feel like home to him. It becomes a place of refuge. He came in every Friday and Saturday night.But one Friday he doesn't show up, and neither does he show up the following day. His friends get worried.Next week comes and he also doesn't show. People are becoming alarmed but since no one had his contact information there was nothing they could do.Several months passed and the Irish man had become a happy memory and somewhat of a mystery.Suddenly one Friday, he steps in. Everyone's jaws drop like they had seen a ghost. The entire place is silent as he reaches his regular stool.The bartender asks, "What will you have?""Just a Sprite", he responds.Everyone is shocked. This guy would get shitfaced every weekend, he could drink more than anyone who had ever been to the bar."But you usually start off with a bit of vodka, what's the matter?", demanded the bartender.Irish man replies, "Well you see, last time I was here I drank so much I don't even remember how much I drank. What I do remember is that once I got home I blew chunks all over the driveway. Then I stumbled in my living room and blew chunks on the carpet. I dragged myself to the restroom and I blew chucks in the tub. I finally made it to my bedroom and I blew chunks until I fell asleep. I won't drink no more after that.""Well so fucking what!?", exclaimed the bartender, "We've all vomited our hearts out every once in a while, it's no big deal!!""You don't understand mate, chunks is the name of my dog."
A Roman walks into a bar He holds up 2 fingers and says "Five beers please."
A man walks into a bar with his pet giraffe and orders drinks for both of them.The barman raises his eyebrows, but serves them. All night, the man and the giraffe drink, but the giraffe is clearly the bigger lightweight of the two. Eventually, it passes out and falls to the floor drunk.The man gets up and prepares to leave.The barman yells "Don't you leave that lying there!"The man replies "It's not a lion. It's a giraffe."
A man walks into a bar ..hoping to pick up a girl. But he has no luck. All night he just sits there getting no action. After a while he notices that there is a small, scrawny little guy sitting at a back table who seems to be getting no end of action. All evening the girls actually walk up to his table and introduce themselves. The couple then leave and come back later. The guy sits back down and another girl walks over.Not understanding what is going on our guy catches the bartender's attention and asks what is going on. How can that guy get so much action."Beats me." says the bartender. "All he does is sit there licking his eyebrows."
A horse walks into a bar Bartender looks at him and says your face is very long
A man walks into a bar Two guys walk into a bar and sit down at a table. The barkeep comes over to them and asks, "What can I serve you gentlemen?" One of them says to the barkeep, "I'll bet you a pitcher of your finest beer that I can lick my eye." The barkeep says, "I've had guys come in here that could lick their nose but never have I ever seen one that could lick his eye. I'll take that bet." So the guy reaches up, pulls out his glass eye, licks it, and puts it back in his eye socket. The barkeep says, "Damn, you got me." He brings the guys a pitcher of beer and goes about tending the bar. When that pitcher starts to get low the barkeep comes back and asks, "Are you gentlemen ready for another?" The same guy answers, "I'll bet you another pitcher of your finest beer that I can bite my ear." The barkeep hesitates for a moment and looks at the guy's left ear, his right ear, and says, "There's no way you've got an artificial ear. I'll take that bet." The guy reaches up, pulls out his false teeth, bites his ear with them, and puts them back in his mouth. The barkeep says, "Damn, you got me again." He brings the guys another pitcher of beer and goes about tending the bar. A little later the betting guy is drunk, gets up and staggers over to the bar and lays a $100 bill on the bar saying, "I'll bet you a hundred that I can pee and fill 10 shot glasses lined up on the bar with their rims touching without spilling a drop on the bar from 3 feet away." The barkeep says, "It'll be worth $100 to see that so I bet you can't do it." He puts his own $100 on the bar, lines up 10 shot glasses and steps back. The drunk whips it out and pees all over the shot glasses, the bar, and the floor. The barkeep picks up the two $100 bills with a smile on his face, gets out his towel and starts to wipe it up. He then notices the drunk is smiling and says, "I just made $100, you just LOST $100, why are you smiling??" The drunk says, "you see they guy over there I've been drinking with all this time? I just bet him $1,000 that I could come over here, pee all over the bar, and that you'd wipe it up with a smile on your face."
Rene Descartes walks into a bar. . . . . .and orders a beer. When he finishes is, the barkeep asks "Have another?" Descartes replies "I think not.". . .and POOF. He vanishes.
A roman centurion walks into a bar and orders a martinus.The barkeeper looks at him and says "mate, don't you mean a martini?"The centurio answers "if i wanted a double i would've ordered it!"
A Scotsman walks into a bar. There is usually an Englishman, an Irishman and a Welshman, but they're all still in France :(
A knight walks into a bar The barman says "Why the long mace?" 
Helium walks into a bar. The bar tender says "We don't serve noble gasses in here." Helium doesn't react.
So a roman walks into a bar Lifts two fingers and say "five beers, please"
A vampire walks into a bar and asks the bartender for a mug of hot water. The bartender looks confused and asks 'Don't you drink blood?'The vampire holds up a used tampon and says. 'I'm making tea.'
A man walks into a bar and sees a magic lamp He goes outside and rubs it. The genie says that he can have one wish. "I want a million ducks."Suddenly, a million dollars come falling out of the sky and the man picks them all up. The bartender hurries outside and says, "How did you know the genie was hard of hearing?"The man replied with "This joke is posted on Reddit every fuckin' [removed]"
A Scotsman walks into a bar usually he is with an Englishman, an Irishman and a Welshman but they are all in France for the Euros.
Polar bear walks into a bar and sits down. Says to the bartender: "I'll have a.......................beer please"Bartender says "what's with the big pause"Polar bear says "what do you mean? I've had them all my life"
A baby seal walks into a bar No, wait.A baby seal walks into a club.
A Scotsman walks into a bar.. Normally there is a Welshman, Irishman and Englishman, but they're all in Marseille at the Euro's.
A feminist walks into a bar She walks to the bartender and says, "No, I will not have it, I will not be served by a cisgender white male." A man nearby says, "My god, not another feminazi.", the bartender says, "Hey! Don't compare feminists to nazis, that's not cool.", the feminist says, "Maybe all you cisgenders aren't that bad.", the bartender continues, "Don't compare feminists to nazis, at least nazis accomplished something."
A bear walks into a barThe bartender asks the bear, "what kind of drink you want?" The bear goes "I'll have a................beer" The bartender asks "why the long pause?" The bear waves and says "because I'm a bear" 
Muslim guys walks into a bar And says, "SHOTS FOR EVERYONE!"
A QA engineer walks into a bar, and orders a beer. Then he orders 0 beers.Then he orders 999999999999 beers.Then he orders an aardvark.Then he orders nothing.Then he orders -1 beers.Then he orders NULL beers.Then he orders asnwikfjsdf.Then he orders a "><script>give_me_your_credit_card()</script>.Finally, the QA engineer leaves without paying, comes back, and asks for the tab.
So a horse walks into a bar And many people leave because that is a safety hazard
A duck walks into a bar and says "Get me some chapstick, and put it on my bill!" 
A soldier walks into a barber shop and, seeing that both the barbers are busy but there is no-one else waiting, takes a seat. Just as one of the barbers finishes with his customer, in walks an officer. The officer quickly appraises the situation and sits straight down in the one vacant barbers' chair. "An officer on a weekend pass to see his wife takes priority over a private who's going to spend his weekend in a brothel." says the officer. The soldier just shrugs, seeing that the other barber will soon be finished.  The first barber asks the officer how he'd like his hair cut, and the officer says "The neatest short back and sides you can manage. It's important I look my best for my wife, not like some enlisted man spending his weekend in a brothel." So the barber sets to work with his scissors .  By now, the second barber is ready for the private, but he doesn't bother asking the private how he'd like his hair cut, he just quickly sets to work with his clippers.  Once the officer's hair is finished, his barber asks whether he'd like any pomade to dress his hair. "Absolutely not," says the officer. "I wouldn't want to appear in front of my wife smelling like I'd spent my weekend in a brothel."  As the second barber finishes clipping the private's hair cut, he asks him if he'd like anything in his hair. "Why not," says the private, looking over at the officer. "My wife has no idea what the inside of a brothel smells like."
A Scotsman walks into a bar Usually there's an Englishman, Irishman, and Welshman with him, but they're at the Euros.
A fly walks into a bar and asks: "Is this stool taken?"
Walks Into A Bar A Big Black Bear walks up to the Bartender and says "Gimme a beer"Bartender says "No way, get out! We don't serve beers to big black bears in bars in Butte!"Drunk woman at the end of the bar says "You heard the man bear, get out!"Bear says again "I'm asking nicely, please give me a beer"Bartender says "No! I told you, we don't serve beers to big black bears in bars in Butte, so go away!"Drunk woman at the end of the bar hiccups and says "He told you bear, now jush get outta heeere"Bear says "Ok, one last time, before something bad happens. Give. Me. A. Beer."Bartender says "NO, we do not serve beers to big black bears in bars in Butte!Drunk woman slurs "Ya bear, get outta tha bar"Bear walks over to the drunk woman, bites her head off in in one huge chomp, walks back over to the Bartender and says "So you gonna give me that beer now, or what?"Bartender says "Bear, I told you, we don't serve beers to big black bears in bars in Butte, especially not bears on drugs!"The Bear says "Drugs? What do you mean? I'm not on drugs"Bartender says "Well, that was a Barbiturate"
A bee walks into a bar He sits down and starts chatting up the bar keep. Going on and on about how he'd never sleep with a woman unless she is 5'9" tall, has a 39" bust, an 18" waist, 33" hips and a size 3 shoe, weigh 110 pounds and have a BMI of 16.24. The bartender says "Hey man, if you don't stop glorifying and perpetuating unrealistic beauty standards in my establishment, you're gonna have to take a hike!" The bee says "I can't help it, I'm a Bar Bee!"
A Cat Walks Into A Bar A cat walks into a bar and orders a beer. The bartender looks him up and down and says "Huh, I thought you were gonna order a saucer of milk" so the cat changes his mind and orders just that. After lapping up his drink, the cat remains in his seat for half an hour. The bartender finally asks "What are you still doing here?" and the cat replies "I'm just finishing shitting all over your floor."The bartender cries "Why the hell would you do that?!" and the cat says "Because milk gives cats diarrhea. Maybe you should have stowed your stereotypes and just given me a beer, asshole!"
A roman centurion walks into a bar He holds up two fingers and says: "Five beers, please."
A caffeine-sensitive misogynist walks into a bar and says, "I like coffee how I like my women".
A blind man walks into a bar, grabs his dog by its hind legs, and swung him around in a circle The bartender says, "Hey buddy, what are you doing?" And the blind man says, "Don't mind me, I'm just looking around."
An /r/News mod walks into a bar Gotcha. There's no bar's in their moms' basements. 
A r/news mod walks into a bar [Removed]
Travelling salesman walks into a bar in a one horse town After a few drinks he approaches the bartender... "Barkeep! I need a woman". Bartender says "sorry Mac, the best I can do for you is Singaloo, the cook". Guy spits back "I don't go for that shit!" And sits down again. Few more drinks he goes back to the bartender: "look, if money is the problem I'll take care of you, her... Whatever - I just need a woman".  Again the tender replies "sorry, Mac. Best I can do is Singaloo the cook". And again the guy says "I don't go for that shit!!".Naturally, after a few more drinks he approaches the bartender one last time... "Ok. Fine. Singaloo the cook it is. Where do I find him?"Bar tender says "go in the back. In about 5 minutes I'll send in Singaloo, RJ and Maurice".Guy says "who the hell are RJ and Maurice???!!!"Bartender says: "oh, they're gonna hold him down. Singaloo doesn't go for that shit either!!!"Hahaha.
A time traveler walks into a bar The bartender says "we don't serve time travelers here." The time traveler looks at the bartender and says "it's about time!"
A man walks into a bar and kills 50 people. Who do you think cares? Nobody. They're too angry at the mods at r/news to care. 
A guy walks into a bar .and sees a gorgeous woman nursing a drink. Walking up behind her he says: "Hi there, good looking'. How's it going?" Having already downed a few power drinks, she turns around, faces him, looks him straight in the eye and says: "Listen up, buddy. I screw anybody, anytime, anywhere, your place, my place, in the car, front door,back door, on the ground, standing up, sitting down, naked or with clothes on,dirty, clean... It just doesn't matter to me. I've been doing it ever since I got out of college and I just flat-ass love it." Eyes now wide with interest, he responds: "No kidding. I'm a lawyer too. What firm are you with?"
A reposted joke walks into a bar It gets downvoted into submission
A blind man walks into a bar and a table... and a chair... and several people...
A guy walks into a bar The bartender says to him : "You seem like an experienced person who has traveled a lot.  What about a bet? If you can make my horse laugh, something that no one has ever do before,  you win, if you fail,  I do. " The man agreed and succeeded in making the horse laugh. The bartender says to the man : " You may have made the horse laugh,  but you certainly won't make it cry. Want to bet? "The mab agreed and succeeded in making the horse cry.  The bartender, curious,  says  :"  I can't help myself but ask,  how did you make the horse laugh,  then cry? "The man says :" It's simple ;the first time I told him my penis was bigger than his.  The second time i showed him.  "
Hitler walks into a bar The bartender does a double take but doesn't say anything at first. "This cant be!" the bartender thinks to himself. Finally he decides to bring it up."Hey man, I don't want to bother you," says the bartender, "but you look *just* like Hitler.""I am Hitler," says the fuhrer. "I'm back. And this time, I'm gonna kill eight million Jews **and** three rodeo clowns.""Three rodeo clowns?" asks the puzzled bartender.Hitler says "see? No one gives a fuck about the Jews."
guy walks into a bar second guy walks into a barthird guy ducks
A piece of string walks into a bar.. A string walks into a bar with a few friends and orders a beer. The bartender says, "I'm sorry, but we don't serve strings here."The string goes back to his table. He ties himself in a loop and messes up the top of his hair. He walks back up to the bar and orders a beer.The bartender looks at him and says, "Hey, aren't you a string?"The string says, "Nope, I'm a frayed knot."
A pirate walks into a bar And sits down next to another pirate. He asks him if he'd like a drink and adjusts his eye patch. The second pirate brightens up and says, "Would I?!"The first pirate gets up, angry and says "Screw you, peg leg!"
A guy walks into a bar and he asks for a drink.. The bartender says, "Ill give you a drink if you can tell me a meta joke"The guy says, "Ok. So a guy walks into a bar and he asks for a drink, and the bartender says, 'Ill give you a drink if you can tell me a meta joke'. And the guy replies 'Ok. So a guy walks into a bar and he asks for a drink, and the bartender says, 'Here you go."So he gives the guy a drink. So he gives the guy a drink. So he gives the guy a drink. So he gives the guy a drink. 
A black guy walks into a bar A blond across the room is drunk and feeling frisky, so she walks up and asks, "is it true what they say about black guys?" Black guy says, "Lets go outside and find out." So they go out to the parking lot, he stabs her and steals her purse. Get it?
A guy walks into a bar Sits down, and orders 15 shots. The bartender looks at him and says "Oh wow, that's a lot. What's the special occasion?"Well, today marks the day of my first blowjob!"The bartender giggles, and gives him 15 shots. He drinks them all.Bartender comes back and says "Here, I'll give you one more on the house to celebrate!"He then turns to her and says..."Oh, no thanks. If 15 won't get the taste out of my mouth, nothing will."
An American man walks into a bar and grabs a seat. While ordering a pint, he can't help but overhear an obnoxiously loud but indiscernible conversation from three massively large ladies down the bar. The man calls out to them,, "Hey babes, are you from Scotland?"Quite rudely, one lady interjects while inhaling her fish and chips,nmñm, "It's Wales, you jackass!"Embarrassed, the man replies, "My deepest apologies, Whales, are you fom Scotland?"
Black Guy walks into a bar A black guy walks into a bar with a Parrot on his shoulder. Stunned, the bartender asks where it came from. The Parrot responds "Africa you dipshit". 
A man walks into a bar It was a metal one. He hit his head and got a concussion
A man walks into a bar "Ouch!"
A man walks into a bar. He says ow, turns around and walks away.
A man walks into a bar ...and then he leaves.
Two guys are walking and one walks into a bar The other one ducks 
So a man walks into a bar on a Saturday evening . . . 'Ouch!' he exclaims. 
A man walks into a bar.. His eyesight is really getting poor.
A blind man walks into a bar ... and a table, and a chair, and a stool.
A man walks into a bar and asks for chicken tendies.
A man walks into a bar *thonk*
A man walks into a bar ... he says "ouch!"
A termite walks into a bar and says "Where is the bar tender?"
A blonde walks into a bar. Forever bumping her head.
A skeleton walks into a bar He orders one beer and a mop.
A guy walks into a bar and makes a bet A guy comes into a bar, walks up to the bartender and says, "Bartender, I got me a bet for you. I'm gonna bet you $300 that I can piss into that glass over there and not spill a single, solitary drop." The bartender looks and sees the glass is a good ten feet away.He says, "Now wait, let me get this straight. You're tryin' to tell me you'll bet me $300 that you can piss, standing over here, way over there into that glass, and not spill a single drop?"  The customer looks up and says, "Yes!" and the Bartender says, "Young man, you got a bet." The guy goes, "Okay, here we go." Pulls out his thing. He's lookin' at the glass, man. He's thinkin' about the glass. And then, *foosh*, he lets it rip. And he-he's pisses all over the place. He's pissin' on the bar. He pissin' on the stools, on the floor, on the phone, on the bartender! He's pissing everywhere *except* the glass! So the bartender starts laughing. He's $300 richer. The bartender, while piss is dripping off his face, laughs and says, "Ha, ha, ha, ha! You idiot! You got it in everything except the glass! You owe me $300"Guy goes, "Excuse me just one-one little second." He then goes in the back of the bar where there's a couple of guys playing pool. He walks over to them then comes back to the bar. "Here you go, Mr. Bartender, $300." And the bartender's like, "What are you so happy about? You just lost $300, idiot!" The guy says, "Well, see those guys over there? I just bet them $500 a piece that I could piss on your bar, piss on your floor, piss on your phone, and piss on you, and not only would you not be mad about it, you'd be happy."
A man walks into a bar JUST KIDDING!!!
A Jew walks into a bar "Ouch", he says.
A man walks into a bar and he is completely parched. He sits at the bar, pats his pockets and realises he's left his wallet at home. He calls to the bartender, "Hey pal, I've left my wallet at home but hey... tell you what, if I can show you something incredible, will you give me a free beer in return?"The bartender is a worldly individual. "Listen mate, look around at the stuff on the walls, I've seen all kinds of things, been all kinds of places. I mean, you can give it a shot but I honestly doubt you can show me something that impressive."So the man reaches into his left jacket pocket and pulls out a small hamster. He places the hamster on the bar and the bartender looks bemused. The man reaches into his other jacket pocket and pulls out a tiny piano, followed by a tiny stool, just the right size for the hamster, who sits down, cracks his knuckles and starts playing a famous piece of music by Rachmaninoff.The bartender is speechless."Tell you what mate... I've seen some things in my time but that is absolutely incredible! Here's your free beer."The visitor gulps down his drink until the last drop is gone. But he can't help but feel another drink would really hit the spot. He motions to the bartender again."Look, I could really use another drink - how about I show you something even more incredible?"The bartender stares in disbelief. "After that performance, I think you'll struggle to beat it! But go on, try your luck then."The man reaches into his left jacket pocket again and retrieves a small frog, who is wearing a waist coat. He places the frog on the stool beside the hamster. The hamster counts to four, the frog clears his throat, and over the piano the frog sings a classic opera, bringing several people in the bar to tears."Oh my word," says the bartender. "That is absolutely unbelievable. Here's your pint, mate. You've earned it."In the corner of the room, a shady looking individual has been watching with keen interest from behind his dark sunglasses. He approaches the owner of the performing animals and gets straight to business."I'll give you £50,000 right now, in cash, if you'll let me take that frog off your hands this instant.""Well, sure, why not?" says the man, as he duly hands the frog over to the shady character, who promptly slides back a silver briefcase filled with bank notes before making his exit with the frog."Are you MAD!?" the bartender says to the man. "You could have made millions with that frog!""Nah," says the man. "The hamster's a ventriloquist."
Alright, so this guy walks into a bar, yeah Asks the bartender for a coke. Bartender says he's all out but he has an apple that tastes exactly like coke. The patron is skeptical but says, "aight, I try dat apple". Bartender reaches in and grabs an apple from a big bowl of at least 50 apples. Hands it to the guy. Guy bites in and can't believe how much it tastes like a coca-cola. Minutes later another patron bellys up to the bar and requests a Crown and soda. Barkeep says, "How bout an apple that tastes just like a Crown and soda?" Customer says, "fuck it, alright". Bartender grabs another apple and gives it to this customer. "Holly shit!", exclaims the new customer, "this tastes just like a Crown Royale and soda". The bartender goes on tell the gentleman that he has an apple that tastes like anything they could want. Not long after another man comes to the bar. The first to guys say, "hey, partner, what you gettin?""Just a Bud", he replies with a grimace."Naw, mane, this bartender apparently has an apple that tastes like anything you want", one of the fellers tells him."Dat right, palooka?" The new guy hollas at the bartender."That's right, Ponchie" the bartender quips back."Aight, den, gimme an apple that tastes like pussy"Without hesitation the bartender digs through the bowls and tosses the guy an apple.The guys looks around with a face of doubt and irritation at an empty bar then back to two fellows at the bar both wearing the same shit-eating grin, nodding "gohead" in anticipation. He shakes his head and takes a bite."Pwahhh!!!" He spits it right out. "Dafuq, this tastes like shit!"The bartender sighs, "ugh, turn it around"
A Man Walks Into a Bar Its sad how is alcohol dependency is destroying his family 
A man walks into a bar and says "I just got back from the battered woman's shelter, and boy are my arms tired."Everyone laughed.The man sat at the end of the bar drinking alone. He was proud of the fine craftsmanship of the shelves he put up in the shelter's pantry, regardless of what others may think.
A polar bear walks into a bar and says to the bartender, "I'll have a brandy.................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................. and coke." The bartender asks, "What's with the big pause?"The bear responds, "I dunno... I've always had them." 
A Pirate Walks Into A Bar ...With the steering wheel to his ship crammed into his trousers. Bartender: What is that steering wheel doing down your pants? Pirate: Arrrgh... It's drivin' me nuts! (Heard that a while ago... One of my favorite cheesy pirate jokes) 
A jumper cable walks into a bar The bartender says, "I'll serve you, but don't start anything."
An average American voter walks into a bar   ... and sees Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton huddled together at the end of the bar, whispering to one another.  Intrigued, the voter approaches the pair and asks them what they are doing."We're planning the 2016 election," brags Trump."What's going to be different about it this year?" the voter asks."Well," Clinton replies, "We're going to rig the vote count and put me in office, as well as delete a few of my emails.""What's so important about these emails that they've got to be deleted?" inquires the voter, eyeing the two suspiciously.  "See!" Clinton exclaims, turning towards Trump, "I told you no one would care if we rigged the election."
A nun walks into a bar and asks the barman to use the restroom. The bar is very noisy and crowded with music playing and every time the light shuts off for a few seconds, the patrons applaud. When the patrons finally see the nun, the entire bar falls silent. "Sure, you may use our facility" says the barman, "but I must warn you that there is a statue of a naked man whose private parts are covered with a fig leaf""In that case, I'll look the other way" says the nun and goes into the restroom. Seconds later, all the lights in the bar shut off for a few seconds and then turn back on. When the nun comes out, there is a big round of applause. With a confused expression on her face, the nun walks over to the barman and asks,"Sir, I don't understand, are these people clapping just because I used your restroom?""No, but they now know that you're just like everyone else at this bar. Would you like a drink?""No thanks," says the nun "I still don't understand what that supposed to mean""You see, every time someone lifts the statue's fig leaf, all the lights in the bar go out."
A man walks into a bar and asks: "I'm sorry, but are you a gay bar or normal bar?" "Yes."
A duck walks into a bar and asks: "Got any Bread?" Barman says: "No."Duck says: "Got any bread?"Barman says: "No."Duck says: "Got any bread?"Barman says: "No, we have no bread."Duck says: "Got any bread?"Barman says: "No, we haven't got any fucking bread."Duck says: "Got any bread?"Barman says: "No, are you deaf?! We haven't got any fucking bread, ask me again and I'll nail your fucking beak to the bar you irritating bastard of a bird!"Duck says: "Got any nails?"Barman says: "No"Duck says: "Got any bread?
A man walks into a bar while carrying a chunk of asphalt under his arm. he says, "Hey! Bartender! Two beers please." The bartender looks at him with a confused look and asked, "Why two? Are you waiting on someone?" The man responds, "Nah, I need for me and one for the road."
A serial killer walks into a bar ... And becomes the bartender.
Man walks into a bar "2 whisky, 1 pint and 3 brandy"Drinks all and takes the bottle of whisky and continues to fill and drink.Barman " WOAHHH Slow down pal take it easy, what's the problem?"Man " I only have £1.60"
A helium atom walks into a bar The bartender says: sorry, we don't serve noble gases here.The helium atom doesn't react.
[long] A man walks into a bar on the 30th floor. A second man already sits at the bar drinking alone and looking a little lonely so the he goes to sit by him and orders a drink. The second man looks over at him, smiles, and says:"You know, this bar is in just the right place that if you jump out that open window you'll pop right back up into it without ever hitting the ground."The first man looks over in annoyance, thinking the man is screwing with him, "Bullshit that's scientifically impossible.""No, seriously, it's true!" Argues the second man. "Watch I'll prove it to you!" and without waiting for a response the man walks over to the window and jumps. Thinking he had just killed himself the first man runs to the window only to see the second man pop back in before he can even reach it. Staring in total surprise, the man can't believe what he'd just seen. "No way, do it again.!"The second man jumps back out the window and the first man walks to it and watches as he stops just before hitting the ground, and like being pushed be a rush of air, flies back up and into the window."That looks amazing! I have to try it!" The second man moves over and the first jumps out the window. He feels amazing as he's free falling, completely sure he's going to pop back up before the fatal landing. Then he splatters everywhere when he hits the ground.The bartender looks over at the second man chuckling to himself as he walks back to the bar, "You know Superman, you're a real prick when you're drunk."
A blind man walks into a bar, And a table. And a chair.﻿
Horse walks into a bar Bartender says "Hey buddy, why the long face?"
So a blind man walks into a bar.. The blind man sits down, thinking he'd break the ice with the bartender by asking "Wanna hear a blond joke?"In a hushed voice, a man beside him says "Before you tell that joke, you should know our bartender IS blonde, or bouncer is blond, I'm a 6'4" black belt, the man sitting on the other side of me is 6'2, 250lbs, and a rugby player. The guy sitting next to you is pushing 300, 6'6, and he's a wrestler. We're ALL blond. So you think about it mister, do you really wanna tell that joke?"The blind man sat for a second, thinking over the odds and then replied "No, not if I have to explain it five times."
Long: An underaged ginger walks into a bar The bartender ask for his ID. The ginger stops, making a big show of reaching into his wallet and pulling out an obviously fake card."What do you think yah trying to pull?" says the bartender, "This ain't no underage drinking bar. Scram punk!"So the ginger gets kicked out on the street when he sees a grocery store. He picked up a six-pack of beer and tries to casually purchase it, along with a bag of Cheetos.The cashier notices and says, "What do you think your doing kid? Where's your ID." As soon as the ginger takes out his wallet the cashier gets the manager."How did you know the ID was fake?" says the ginger."I just do, now git!" says the manager. By now the underaged ginger is incredibly thirsty, so he goes into school. There happens to a school dance at the moment, so he heads straight for the refreshments. The ginger goes to get a Pepsi but the line is really long. Then he tries to get a french soda but the line is even longer. Then he sees a bowl of punch.There's no punch line.
A guy walks into a bar and sees 50 women and no men The guy says to himself I've "I've hit the jackpot!" and orders one of the women a drink. The woman says in a low voice "sorry pal, I'm a man. This is a lesbian bar, the only way to get any chicks here is if you dress like a woman." So he talks to another "woman", he says the same thing. After a while, the guy realizes it's just a bunch of men dressed like women trying to pick up lesbians. He figures he might as well play ball and dress like a woman too, hopefully some hot lesbian chick will show up. Then another man walks in and the guy yells "get the hell out, we don't want any men here!" The man sulks out of the bar and mutters "What the hell, I thought this was a gay bar, I just spent an hour dressing like a man."
A guy walks into a bar and sees a sign that says "If you can make the horse laugh, you get free drinks for the night". He went up to the bartender and asked "So I'll get free drinks if I make a horse laugh?"  "Yes sir!" The bartender replied. "Where's the horse?", the man asks. The bartender says "Follow me." They go to a door in the back, leading to an alley. He opens the door where he finds a horse.  The man whispers into the horses hear. To the bartenders surprise, the horse laughs. The man gets his free drinks for the night and left a few hours later. The next night, he walks into the same bar. There is a sign that says "If you can make the horse cry." He walks up to the bartender again and asks "Still not a hoax?" "No sir, no hoax.",  says the bartender. The bartender leads him back to the same door, to the same alley, with the same horse in it. The bartender leaves the man and the horse for about a minute and the man walks back in, and the bartender sees the horse crying. The walk Mack to the front of the bar where the man is enjoying his free drinks. Still amazed, the bartender asked "So how did you do it? How did you make the horse laugh and then cry?" The man replied "Well, yesterday I told the horse I had a bigger penis than him. Today, I showed him"
A Ducks walks into a bar He orders a beer and says.......... put it on my tab.
A guy walks into a bar. Ouch.
A man walks into a bar And slowly alcoholism tears apart his family
A Jew walks into a BAR.. Passes. 
A gorilla walks into a bar and says "I'd like a toddler on the rocks, please"
A Bacteria walks into a bar A bacteria walks into a bar and goes to walk into the kitchen. The bartender stops him and says, "hey, you're not allowed in there". the bacteria replies, "no, it's ok, I'm staff."
A man walks into a bar And gets a bloody nose
A Man Walks Into a Bar So a man walks into a bar and asks the bartender,"Hey got any specials tonight?" The bartender tells the man tonight there is a challenge, first you have to drink this glass of vodka, then you have to go out back and pull a tooth from an alligator, and finally you have to go upstairs and have sex with a woman. The man at first says no way, but after a few drinks he decides to do the challenge. The bartender hands him the glass of vodka and he downs it. He then goes outside to the alligator. He's out there for a while and making a lot of noise. When he finally comes back in the bartender asks,"What took you so long?" The man replies, "Where is that woman who needs her tooth pulled?"
A pirate walks into a bar with a ships steering wheel in the front of his pants. The bartender asks "isn't that bothering you?" The pirate replies "aye, it be driving me nuts."
René Descartes walks into a bar The bartender asks "Want something to drink?". Decartes replies "I think not", and disappears.
A vegetarian walks into a bar And everyone knew it cause she spoke about it every 2 minuets 
A guy walks into a bar and his alcoholism tears his family apart.
A grasshopper walks into a bar and the bar keep says:"Hey, I've got a drink named after you!"The grasshopper replies:"You have a drink named Bob?"
So a Black guy walks into a bar with a beautiful parrot on his shoulder The bartender says "Wow, that's something real special you've got there! Where'd you get it?""Africa!", says the parrot. 
A man walks into a bar A girl says hello.....
A man walks into a bar ... and upon entering it declares "Trump supporters are assholes."A second man gets up from his barstool and yells at the first man from across the bar "Hey!  I take offense to that!""Are you a Trump supporter?" inquires the first man."No," the second man replies, "I'm an asshole."
A hunter walks into a bar. He's carrying the severed arms of a bear he had killed. He puts them on the counter.The bartender says "Hey, get those out of here." The hunter replies "This is America. I have the right to bear arms."
So a "refugee" walks into a bar ...So a firefighter walks into the remains of a bar...
A Roman walks into a bar He holds two fingers up to the barman and says "five beers please"
Cinderella walks into a bar "I'd like a glass of shoes, please"
A man walks into a bar and goes up to the bar and asks the barman "Tell me, what is a quart? Is it 4 pints or 2?"  The barman says "It's 2 pints."  The man says "Are you sure? I thought *quart* had something to do with the number 4"  The barman explains "It's a **quart**er of a gallon, there are 8 pints in a gallon so a quart is 2 pints.”  The man says "Thanks so much" and leaves.  Later that day, he's back with a friend and now there is a barmaid serving. He tells the barmaid "Hey, the barman said he’d let us have our first drinks for free”  The barmaid is a bit dubious, so the man calls out to the barman from before, “Hey, its me again, just double checking, it was couple of pints, wasn't it?”  The barman shouts back “Yeah, that’s right, two pints.”
A man walks into a bar. His alcohol dependency is tearing his family apart
A man walks into a bar and asks for a drink."Tell me a joke." The bartender says."Your very existance"
Tourist walks into a bar.. he orders a pint and starts supping it, when a dwarf walks in, goes over to the piano and starts playing.  Bemused the tourist motions to the barman and asks about the dwarf."It's a funny story actually," says the barman.  "See this lamp?  If you rub it and make a wish, your wish will come true."The tourist looks incredulous but takes the lamp and starts rubbing it.  "Give me a million bucks!" he calls.  A moment later there's a hideous din coming from outside the bar.  He goes out and in the street are thousands upon thousands of ducks, quacking away.The tourist goes back inside and says to the barman; "This is bullshit!  I asked for a million bucks but I got a million ducks!"The barman replies, "Well do you think I asked for a twelve inch Pianist?"
An older man walks into a bar wearing a stovepipe hat, a waistcoat and a phony beard. He sits down at a bar and orders a drink. As the bartender sets it down, he asks, "Going to a party?""Yeah, a costume party," the man answers, "I'm supposed to come dressed as my love life.""But you look like Abe Lincoln," protests the bartender."That's right. My last four scores were seven years ago."
A vaping hipster aetheist vegan crossfitter walks into a bar just kidding people like that dont exist but I imagine they do so I have someone to hate other than myself haha.
A feminist walks into a bar Just kidding she couldn't fit through the doorway
A man walks into a bar OUCH
This girl with a yeast infection walks into a bar She sits down to order a drink and the bartender walks over and says " what's with the sour puss? "
Man walks into a bar Ouch!!
So a blind guy walks into a bar We had to call an ambulance for the poor guy.
A man walks into a bar looking to buy a glass of 50 year old scotch He says to the bartender, "My good man, I have a thirst that can only be quenched by glass of 50 year old scotch. I'm a connoisseur of sorts, so don't try and trick me. I'll be able to tell the difference!"The bartender, a little annoyed, goes to the top shelf, grabs a bottle of scotch, and pours the man a glass. The man takes a sip, savors it for a second, then says "I said 50 YEAR OLD scotch! This one can't be more than 15 years old! I said don't try and trick me you twat! Lets try that again!"The bartender reaches on the same shelf for another bottle of scotch, pours the man a glass, and the man takes a sip. "I said FIFTY! This one can't be more than 35 years old! What are you trying to do here? If I don't get a glass of 50 year old scotch, I'll be taking my business elsewhere!" The man boasts. Seeing the aggravation on the bartenders face, an older gentleman, sitting two stools over, slides his glass over to the man and says "Here. Try this." The man takes a sip and immediately spits it out all over the bar. "Good god man! THAT TASTES LIKE PISS!" yells the man. Now laughing hysterically, the older gentleman turns to the man and says "Yeah?! Well? Tell me how old I am!"Edit: Turns*
A TCP Request walks into a bar - I want a bier- Do you want a bier ?-Yes, I want a bier-Fine
Bird walks into a bar.. He sits down and ask the bartender, "Hey, you got any bread?"The bartender replies "No, sorry."The bird waits a few seconds and again asks, "Got any bread?"The bartender says angrily, "No, we have no bread."The bird asks again, "Do you have any bread?"The bartender says furiously, "No, we have no bread and if you ask again I'm going to nail your fucking beak to the bar."The bird pauses for a minute. Then he asks, "Do you have any nails?"The bartender replies, "No, we have no nails."So the bird asks, "You got any bread?"
An imperialist German wrestler walks into a bar AND HIS NAME IS JOHN VON BISMARCK!
So a bear walks into a bar and sits at a bar stool."What'll it be?" says the barkeep.The bear responds with, "I'll have a gin and.......................tonic."."What's with the big pause?" asks the barkeep.The bear, surprised, exclaims, "I'm a bear!!!"
A panda walks into a bar Sits down orders a sandwich. Bartender gets the sandwich from the cook in the back shortly later. The panda finished his sandwich. Gets up. Walks to the back. Shoots the cook in the head and leaves out the back door. The guy at the end of the bar freaks out "what the hell is going on man". Bartender shrugs his shoulders "it's a panda, eats, shoots, and leaves". 
A pirate walks into a bar And he has a steering wheel on his crotch.the bartender asks "Hey man, whats with the wheel?"the pirate responds "Arrrr i dont know Man, Its Drivin' Me Nuts!"EDIT: Nice one Sam...
A Pirate walks into a bar with a paper towl on his head. Bartender goes "Hey buddy whats with the paper towl on your head?"The Pirate replies "Arrr I got a bounty on me head."
Helen Keller walks into a bar And then a table...And then some chairs...And then a plate Glass window...
A bear walks into a bar The bear asks the bartender for a beer. The bartender says, "Sorry, we don't give beer to bears in bars."The bear replies, "If you don't give me a beer, I'll eat that lady over there."The bartender says, "Go ahead."So the bear eats the lady and asks for a beer. The bartender says, "Sorry, we don't give beer to bears on drugs.""What do mean?" asks the bear. "I'm not on drugs.""Then what about the bar bitch you ate?", replies the bartender.
a mushroom walks into a bar And the bartender says "we don't serve your kind here". The mushroom replies "what I'm a fungi". 
A guy walks into a bar and notices a large glass full of money ... He asks the bartender what is the glass for and he responds:- It's an old bet I have going on, if you win you get all the money in the glass and a keys to a new Ferrari.- Well tell me what I have to do to win! He responds.- First you gotta pay up, ten bucks.Not sure if he wanted to pay ten dollars right away he pressed the bartender for more information about the bet but he remained adamant.- Pay up and I'll tell you.- Fine, fine, here's your ten.- Alright, so there are three things you have to do; firstly, you need to down an entire bottle of tequila in a minute without any facial expression, then you need to help my bulldog out back who has a bad tooth, you know be a dentist, and finally there's a ninety year old lady upstairs who's never had sex, you need to fix that.- What all of that?!?! He exclaims.- You paid your ten dollars now are you going to do it or no?After a while of thinking, he finally responds:- Give me the tequila.The bartender grins as the man grabs the bottle and starts drinking. He manages to drink it all in just 57 seconds without any expression crossing his face. He heads outside and all that the bar can hear are sounds of growling, shouts of pain and screams. This goes on for a few minutes before it stops and goes silent. The man enters through the front door. All of his clothes are ripped to shreds and lacerated but through a painful breath he asks:- Now where's the woman with the bad tooth?
A vaping vegan walks into a bar Just kidding they're incapable of doing anything remotely cool. 
A Man Walks Into A Bar And Says "Aw"
Old biker walks into a bar A crusty old biker out on a long summer ride in the country pulls up to a tavern in the middle of nowhere, parks his bike and walks inside.As he passes through the swinging doors, he sees a sign hanging over the bar:COLD BEER: $2.00HAMBURGER: $2.25CHEESEBURGER: $2.50CHICKEN SANDWICH : $3.50HAND JOB: $50.00Checking his wallet to be sure he has the necessary payment, the ole' biker  walks up to the bar and beckons to the exceptionally attractive female bartender who is serving drinks to a couple of sun-wrinkled farmers.She glides down behind the bar to the ole biker."Yes?" she inquires with a wide, knowing smile, "may I help you?"The ole biker leans over the bar, "I was wondering young lady," he whispers, "are you the one who gives the hand-jobs?"She looks into his eyes with that wide smile and purrs "Why yes, yes, I sure am".The ole' biker leans closer and into her left ear whispers softly, "Well, wash your hands real good, cause I want a cheeseburger
A bear walks into a bar and says to the bartender, "I'll have a pint of beer and a.......... packet of peanuts."The bartender asks, "Why the big pause?"
A man walks into a bar for the first time He sees an old blind pianist in the corner with a small monkey on his shoulder.He thinks to himself "This place seems nice" , and he orders a pint of beer.He's looking round admiring the decor when suddenly the blind pianists monkey runs over, and dips his balls in the pint of beer and then runs off.Disgusted , he asks the barman to get rid of the glass and bring him another one.Again he gets distracted for a minute. He looks down and the monkey is dipping his balls in the pint of beer.He shoos away the monkey and says "Right. Time to sort this out"He storms over to the blinds pianist and says "Do you know your monkey has been dipping his balls in my pint of beer "The pianist says "No. But if you hum it I'll play along"
A man walks into a bar and he sees this small man playing the piano. The man, astounded, asks the bartender why there is a small man playing the piano in the bar. The bartender pulls out a dusty old lamp and says that there is a genie in there and that he would grant one wish to anyone who frees him.So the man walks outside the bar with the lamp, rubs it and sure enough a genie comes out. "Thank you for freeing me. For this, you can have one wish." So the man thinks for a bit and shouts, "I want a million ducks!" and as soon as he said it, money fell from the sky, hundreds and thousands of cash scattered everywhere. So the man collects all the cash and walks back into the bar to return the lamp. The bartender, who witnessed the whole event asks, "Wow, how did you know that the genie was hard of hearing?""Well," the man replies, "I see this joke posted here every day."
George W. Bush walks into a bar.The bartender asks "what will it be?"Bush gives the bartender a blank a lookthe bartender asks again "what will it be?"Where is the teleprompter?Don't kill me! This is my first joke :<
A Blond walks into a Bar "Ouch"
Cat walks into a bar and approaches the bartender.Bartender looks down at the mangy thing and says "Wut you want?"The cat looks at the bartender and says "Meow"
A blind man walks into a bar, and a chair, a table, and a human.
A guy walks into a bar and says "OW!"
Argon walks into a bar The bartender kicks him out.Argon doesn't react.
A naked blonde walks into a bar, carrying a poodle under one arm and a 6 foot salami under the other. The bardtender says: "So, I don't suppose you'd be needing a drink?" The naked lady says ... OOOOOOH SHIT!
A panda walks into a bar He tells the bartender, "I'll have a scotch and....................................................a coke, thank you.""Sure thing," replied the bartender, "but why the big pause?""I was born with them," says the panda raising his paws.
A blind man walks into a bar "Ouch!"
Hot woman walks into a bar A hot woman walks into a bar.Bartender:woah, you're getting laid tonightWoman: hehe how do you know?Bartender: because I'm stronger that you
A horse who got its face blown off in a war walks into a bar Bartender goes "why the long...oh". What a dick.
A screw walks into a bar He sits down and orders 10 shots of whiskey and an orange juice and vodka. He finishes the whiskey, but leaves the last drink untouched. Near closing time, the bartender asks why he ordered the drink if he wasn't going to drink it."Responsibility," he says. The bartender looks confused."What do you mean?""Well, after 10 shots of whiskey, a screw is going to need a screw driver."
A man walks into a bar Ouch
An Irishman walks into a bar in Dublin, orders three pints of Guinness and sits in the back of the room, drinking a sip out of each one in turn. When he finishes them, he comes back to the bar and orders three more.The bartender approaches and tells him, "You know, a pint goes flat after I draw it; it would taste better if you bought one at a time."The Irishman replies, "Well, you see, I have two brothers. One is in America, the other in Australia, and I'm here in Dublin. When we all left home, we promised that we'd drink this way to remember the days when we drank together. So I drinks one for each o' me brothers and one for me self."The bartender admits that this is a nice custom, and leaves it there. The Irishman becomes a regular in the bar, and always drinks the same way: He orders three pints and drinks them in turn.One day, he comes in and orders two pints. All the other regulars take notice and fall silent. When he comes back to the bar for the second round, the bartender says, "I don't want to intrude on your grief, but I wanted to offer my condolences on your great loss."The Irishman looks quite puzzled for a moment, then a light dawns in his eye and he laughs. "Oh, no, everybody's just fine," He explains, "It's just that me wife had us join that Baptist Church and I had to quit drinking. 'Hasn't affected me brothers a bit though 
A man walks into a bar and orders 8 shots of vodka. "Rough day?", says the bartender as he starts pouring the shots.The man downs each shot as soon as it's full, then says "You wouldn't believe it. You'd be drinking like this too if you had what I have.""What's that?""25 cents."
A duck walks into a bar [Long] A duck walks into a bar and the bartender says "Hey, Duck, what can I get you started?"The duck replies, "Got any grapes?"The bartender says, "No, we don't got any grapes, this is a bar."The duck leaves and comes back the next day and the bartender asks, "Hey, what will it be today?"The duck responds with, "Got any grapes?"The bartender is a bit irritated and says, "Duck, I told you we don't have any grapes, and if you come back again tomorrow I'm going to nail your beak to the bar."The duck gets a bit startled at this point and waddles out of the bar.The next day the duck strolls by the bar and walks inside the bar and the bartender says to him, "Okay, what are you in the mood for?"The Duck says, "Well, first, let me ask you, got any nails?"The bartender, looking puzzled, says to the Duck, "Umm... nails... nope."The duck then replies back with, "Got any grapes?"
So A Donald Trump walks into a Bar He sees a Mexican in the corner. This causes him to get slightly triggered. The Mexican says, "Donald Trump ass d'coolst Kaz am cool Kaz vun der Welt an Ënnerstëtzung Luxgsm an bauen Mauer ech wëll, datt eiser ganzer ze denken ass eng gutt Partie esou goen sot den Entwéckler ënnerstëtzen si weess keng Suen wegwann ech gliftwann ech glift."Donald Trump replied,"Ftoopt!"and then he shot himselfthe emd
(long)A man walks into a bar and asks the bartender, "If I show you something amazing will you give me a free beer?" The bartender says "sure, if I'm truly amazed, your first round is on me." so the man sets his briefcase on the bar, opens it up and pulls out a tiny piano. Then the man reaches in and pulls out a tiny man, about a foot tall. The tiny man sits down at the piano and starts to play a beautiful song. "That's amazing!" says the bartender as he pours the man a beer. "where'd you find that little fella?" The man pulls out a magic lamp from his briefcase and says "I got him from this Genie, and I only have one wish left. If you let me drink for free tonight I'll give you the last wish." The bartender says "You have a deal!" and he rubs the lamp and out pops the old Genie. "what is your final wish?" the Genie croaks in an ancient voice. "I want a million bucks." the bartender says. "what?" croaks the Genie, cupping his hand to his ear. "I said I want a MILLION BUCKS!!!" the bartender shouts. "ah...your wish is my command." Suddenly the whole bar is filled top to bottom with ducks, and they're quacking and shitting all over the place. The bartender shouts "Hey, what gives! I said a million bucks, not a million ducks!" and the man at the bar says "You really think I wished for a twelve inch pianist?"
A guy walks into a bar A priest, a minister, and a rabbi walk into a bar.The bartender looks at them and says, "What the fuck is this, a joke?"
A man walks into a bar Inside the bar was a donkey, the man asks the bartender "What's up with the donkey?" The bartender replies "If you can make my donkey laugh then you drink for free tonight." The man then walks over to the donkey and whispers into it's ear, the donkey then starts laughing, so the man got free drinks for the night.The next night, the man returns to the bar and asks the bartender if the same promotion was still available. The bartender tells him yes but this time he has to make his donkey cry. So the man takes the donkey out back and in less than a minute they both return and the donkey is crying, so while the bartender serves the man his free drink he says "I gotta ask, how did you do it?" The man after taking a drink replies "Yesterday I told him that I have a bigger dick than him, today I proved it."
Guy walks into a bar and orders a shot of the strongest whiskey He drinks it quickly and then looked in his wallet. He asks for a second shot and drinks it quickly again before looking into his wallet, again. He does this for about 5 times when the bartender said, "hey bud, easy with the shots, by the way, what are you looking at in you wallet, are you short on cash? I can open up a tab for you" The guy goes, "no, no, not at all, I have money, but thanks anyways." The bartender goes, "so why are you looking into your wallet after every drink?" The guy answers, "I was looking at a picture of my wife, I figure I can go home when she starts to look good."
Guy walks into a bar and orders a shot of the strongest whiskey The bartender obliged and the patron drinks it quickly then he said, "give me another one!". The bartender is a little curious and poured him the shot. As soon as the shot was pour, the patron tossed it down his throat and immediately order a third one. This went on for about 5 drinks when the bartender goes, "so buddy, what's up, tonight? doing well?" The patron answered, "Oh, I just had my first blow job tonight." Bartender said "Well, congratulations, since you are so stoked about it, next shot of whiskey is on the house." The patron goes, "nahhhh, if 5 shots didn't wash away the taste, a 6th shot won't do it either."
A guy walks into a bar as he approaches the counter, he notices a big bowl full of money. So he asks the bartender what it's there for. "We have an ongoing challenge", the barkeeper says, "if you can complete it, the money is yours". The man gets curious and asks for further detail. "First, you have to finish this whole bottle of tequila within 30 seconds. After that, you go out to the backyard to our Rottweiler Johnny. Johnny's got a loose tooth, so you've got to pull it out for him. When you're done with that, come back in and take the stairs to the first floor, and enter the second room to your right. My 90 year old mother lives there and she hasn't had an orgasm in years, so you have to make her real happy." The man accepts the challenge and starts drinking from the bottle and manages to finish it within the minute. Obviously intoxicated, he makes his way to the backyard and closes the door behind him. All that could be heard for the next ten minutes was a painful sound of howling coming from said backyard, making the entire crowd in the pub very uneasy. As the sound slowly calms, the man comes stumbling back into the bar, looks at the bartender and goes "So now, where's your 90 year old mother with the loose tooth?"
A girl walks into a bar and asks the bartender for a double entendre so he gave it to her.
A skeleton walks into a bar ... and orders a beer and a mop
Helen Keller walks into a bar. And a table.....then some chairs...
A man walks into a bar, goes up to the bartender, and asks for a beer. The bartender stops him, and says "Well, before you order, let me tell you about our special." He directs the man's attention down to the end of the bar, where there are two huge chunks of meat hanging on meat hooks. "If you can run down to the end of the bar, jump up, and take a bite out of one of those pieces of meat, you get to drink free here for the rest of your life. But I'll warn you, if you try it and fail, you have to buy all of the drinks for the rest of the bar all night."The man replies "Well, let me think about it. Mind if I take a look?" The bartender lets him, so he saunters down to the end of the bar, and takes a nice, long look at the hanging meat, before turning around and coming back."Nah, I think I'll just order a beer.""Alright, but just curious... why aren't you taking the challenge?""Buddy, the steaks are just too high."
A man walks into a bar So a man walked into the bar carrying a roll of Tarmac. He orders one pint and one for the road.
A young man walks into a bar and orders four shots of whiskey ...after checking his ID, the bartender starts pouring out the shots and asks, "you got some friends coming in behind you?" "Nope", the young man replies. "You celebrating something then?" "Yeah, something like that." The bartender, getting a little annoyed at the young man's coyness, responds, "Well, I'll bite. What are you celebrating?" Shyly, the young man replies, "my first blowjob." "Oh, man! Why didn't you say so?", the bartender exclaims. "I remember my first one. That takes me back! How about a beer on the house to help you celebrate yours?" The young man just shakes his head and says, "nah, if this whiskey doesn't get the taste out of my mouth, nothing will."
Bernie Sanders walks into a bar and he redistributes all of the drinks until everyone has the same amount of alcohol ...
Black walks into a bar A black guy walks into a bar with a parrot on his shoulder. The bartender asks "where'd you get that?"Parrot says "Africa, there's millions of them".
A pirate walks into a bar with the ship's helm wheel strapped to his crotch. The bartender takes one look at the man and rolls his eyes."Okay," the bartender sighs "I've heard this one before. Lemme guess: 'it's drivin' ya nuts?'"The pirate, crushed that the bartender stole this punchline, turns around to mope back out the door, when the bartender notices and exclaims "Good gods, man! There's a giant eel sticking out the back of your trousers!""Aye," says the pirate, turning back around with a grin. "It's eating me whole (hole)."
A donkey walks into a bar. The bartender then says,"why the long face?"
So a depressed horse walks into a bar.. Bartender says, "Why the long face?"
A black guy walks into a bar. And he found himself with a headache as he couldn't read the CONSTRUCTION sign
A blind man walks into a bar His head is sore now
A man walks into a bar.. and orders alcohol. And then he dies
An Elephant walks into a bar bartender asks why long nose.Elephant: Mind your own fucking business.
An elephant walks into a bar and destroys it totally. 
A QA tester walks into a bar and orders 1 beersand orders 5 beersand orders 9999 beersand orders -1 beersand orders foobar beers
An elephant never walks into a bar He only drinks to forget
A fungus walks into a bar and meets another of its kind. They hit it off immediately, until the bartenders says "you look like really fun guys!".
A pirate walks into a bar With a steering wheel attached to his pants. The bartender says "Hey, you've got a steering wheel on your pants" &nbsp;The pirate replies "Arrr, it's drivin' me nuts!"
A sandwich walks into a bar ...and the bartender says, "I'm sorry, we don't serve food here."
A man walks into a bar AND HIS NAME IS JOHN CENA
A pirate walks into a bar with a ship's wheel hanging from his crotch The bartender asks, "What's that hangin' off ye?"    The pirate responds, "arrr! I've no idea, but it's drivin' me nuts!"
A blonde walks into a bar    She requests a drink, club soda the rocks, and waits for it, but doesn't get one. Nobody responds, and some turn their heads in confusion. She asks again: "Can I get a club soda over ice?" Still, nobody answers, and more people turn their heads. Finally, a man speaks up: *"Why are you talking to that lamp pole, miss?"*
John walks into a bar ...where he meets his old friend. They both take a seat, order a beer and talk about different stuff. Suddenly, one of the guests shouts: "21!". The whole bar laughs moderately. Couple of minutes later someone else shouts: "34!". Everyone starts laughing even harder than before. John, surprised by what's happening, asks his buddy:  -Why is everyone laughing, when someone shouts a number?  The friend answers:  -You see, we've been telling the same jokes for the past couple of years, so we just decided to associate every joke with a different number, and now when someone wants to tell a joke, he just shouts a number.  John nodded and asked:  -Can I try?  His friend nodded as well, so John shouted: "1416!". Everyone in the bar laughed for the next 15 minutes after that.  -Why did everyone laugh so hard at this one? - asked John.  And so his friend responds while giggling:  -Well, we didn't hear that one before.
A man walks into a bar His alcoholism is tearing his family apart
A blind man walks into a bar ... and table, and a chair
God walks into a bar just as an Atheist walks out The Agnostic is the bouncer who created it all that way because if those 2 ever collided only 1 would survive, either God would disappear into a puff of smoke or the atheist would believe the bouncer is full of shit.
Sean Connery walks into a bar. He says "I'd like a single shot." The bartender says "That's a good idea because if you had the chickenpox, the virus is already in you." 
A Blind Man Walks Into A Bar Then Into a Table, Then Into A Bar Stool.......
A panda walks into a bar sits down and asks the bartender for food.  after eating, gets up, takes out a gun and kills the bartender.  as he is leaving, a shocked onlooker asks him "why did you do that?"  and he answers "Hey.  I'm a Panda.  It's what I do."in confusion, they look it up in an encyclopedia.  Panda.  Mammal. Eats shoots and leaves.
A Horse Walks Into A Bar And the bartender says "Why the long face?"The horse replies, "My alcoholism is destroying my family"
So yet another snake walks into a bar He asks the bartender,"Gimme a shot of Jack!""No sir.""Well why not?" The snake said."You can't hold your liquor!"
A towel walks into a bar He orders a drink, and says "I'll have it dry."
Charlie Sheen walks into a bar And orders a drink or two. Or three. Or four. And then gets into a barfight.
A man walks into a bar Ouch!
A chronic masturbator walks into a bar “Oh hi Henry”, said the bartender, "I've already poured your pint; I saw you coming from a mile away."
A ghost walks into a bar and asks for a drink. The bartender replies, "I'm sorry, but we don't serve spirits here"
A white guy walks into a bar exam. He passes and becomes a well respected lawyer. 
Snake walks into a bar. Game over 
Schrodingers cat walks into a bar ... and doesn't. 
A drunk priest walks into a bar and begins his sermon. The bartender says "Dude, you're at the wrong place" "Can you shut up, I'm trying to hold a fuckin' speech over here" he replies."This isn't a church, you're at my bar, can you please leave?" the bartender continues."If you continue disturbing me, I'm going to throw you out of this god damn place" the priest says."Throw me out off my own fuckin' place? Are you drunk?""No... I am Jesus.""Jesus?! Alright then... I'm getting the fuckin' cross."I just invented this joke, it was difficult finding a good punchline. Please don't go hard on me. 
A massive, 5 tons ox walks into a bar. The bartender says "HOLY COW"
A length of string walks into a bar The bartender shouts at him, "get out, we don't serve string!"So the length of string hangs out just outside. He asks a passerby, "could you please roughen up my edges?" The stranger obliges. He asks the next one, "could you please tie me up?"Our friend walks back into the bar. The bartender bellows out, "hey, didn't I tell you we don't want any string in here?"And the string says, "I'm a frayed knot." 
Snail walks into a bar. And the bartender says ''How did you do that?''_notice how boring these jokes are? sorry_
a sort algorithm walks into a bar he orders anything
A catholic priest walks into a bar.. He was trying to get out of his cell again.
A jumper cable walks into a bar The bartender says okay I'll serve you, as long as you don't start anything.
So a grasshopper walks into a bar And the bartender says: "Hey! We have a drink named after you!" The grasshopper replies: "You have a drink named Steve?!" 
A black man walks into a bar, with a parrot on his shoulder.The bartender asks: "Where'd you get that?""The jungle." Replied the parrot.
jesus walks into a bar and the barman cries: NO, NOT AGAIN
A man walks into a bar Because he forgot he was in Jail
god walks into a bar and no one could believe it
Dat boi walks into a bar O shit waddup
Snake walks into a bar. And the bartender says ''How did you do that?''
A horse walks into a bar. The bartender says, "You come here a lot; are you an alcoholic?" The horse ponders this for a moment and says, "I don't think I am." POOF! The horse disappears.At this point, a psychology student would begin to snicker because he knows about the Descartes postulate, "I think therefore I am."I could have told you about that at the beginning of the joke, but that would have been putting Descartes before the horse.
A termite walks into a bar and asks "Is the bar tender here?"
A bear walks into a bar and asks the barman:"Can I have a beer...................Please?"The barman replies:"Sure, but why the massive paws?"Edit: Paws not pause
A piece of rope walks into a bar. The bartender says, "We don't serve your kind around here." The rope walks out back, ties himself up, and unravels his ends. The rope walks back into the bar. The bartender says, "Aren't you that rope that was just in here a minute ago?" The rope says, "Nope. I'm a frayed knot."
A beard walks into a bar And the bartender asks - "What can I get you""Just a water please" replies the beard, "I'm already off my face"
A man walks into a bar and sees a short man playing maple leaf rag "Wow! I've never seen anything like it!"The bartender in the back yells, "Yeah, there's a genie in the other room"The man, filled with awe, goes to the genie and asks for a million bucks. A million ducks start quacking around him.The man, very confused, walks back to the bartender. "What's wrong with this genie?"The bartender replies, "He's a little hard of hearing. Do you really think I asked for a 12 inch pianist?"
NSFW A fish walks into a bar. The bartender asks, "why so wet?"The fish replies: " I JUST FINGERED MYSELF."
An Irish man walks into a bar with a Priest And the Irish man says something foolish.
A grasshopper walks into a bar The bartender says " You know? We have a drink named after you."The grasshopper says "You have a drink named Steve?"
A War Horse walks into a bar and the bartender asked "Why the long film?"
A girl walks into a bar. She's a very good looking girl. Red hair, mini skirt the works. She walks up to the bar and orders a rum & coke. They get to talking and before you know it she has almost finished off the whole bottle. She stumbles to the bathroom and doesn't return for some time. The bartender curious if the girls alright, goes in to check on her. To his surprise she's passed out on the bathroom floor and the spread eagle no panties or anything. His lust got the best of them and ended up having sex with her right there on the bathroom floor. He finishes up and goes back to the bar like nothing happend. She wakes up doesn't say a thing, calls a cab and goes home..The next night rolls around, the same girl comes in. Order the rum and coke again gets plastered, passing out on the bathroom floor once again. The bartender brings the barkeep in in it this time and they double-team her, finish up & return to work like nothing happend. Once again she gets up seems to have no recollection & goes home. Well the third night rolls around and the chick comes into the bar once again. She's approaches the bartender and he asks "What will you have doll, a rum & coke?" he says with grin. She replies "No I'll just have a glass of water, rum and coke makes my pussy hurt."
A blind man walks into a bar. He hears a man speaking next to him. So he says, "Hey do you want to hear a blonde joke?" The man says, " Sir, I myself am blonde and weigh 250 pounds, the bartender is also blonde and is well built, and there are a couple of blonde men seated at the table behind us and look like the type you wouldn't want to mess with. Do you still want to tell the joke?"The blind man says, "No that's fine. I don't want to explain the joke so many times."
A programmer walks into a bar. Barman ask him if he wants "beer or whiskey", he responded "yes" 
A neutron walks into a bar and orders a drink. When the neutron gets his drink, he asks, "Bartender, how much do I owe you? The bartender replies, "For you, neutron, no charge."
A Roman walks into a bar and holds up two fingers, and says "five beers, please" If you get it you get it 
A man walks into a bar and orders a double Nebraska. The bartender turns around and says "Sorry, we don't have *NE*."
A blind man walks into a bar and a table, and some chairs, and stumbles out. 
A man walks into a bar.. and asks the bartender for a rum and coke. The bartender says " Is Pepsi okay?" The man replies, "Yeah that's fine". The bartender takes out a glass and fills it with Pepsi and Coke.
JokeExplainBot walks into a bar Just as he steps in, he hears a joke between two drunks"...and if you get assfucked by just one horse..."Jokeexplainbot intterupts and says "receiving anal from a horse has been known to cause health issues"The drunkards respond "your mom is having health issues from anal from me"JokeExplainBox then says "Your Mom is a common comeback to say when there is a fault with what someone said"The drunkards then laugh at how exploitable the bot is, that they go onto reddit to see what responce JokeExplainBot has to it in writing.
A woman walks into a bar and orders a double entendre "Tab open or closed?" says the bartender."Open" she says.So he services her all night long.A man walks into a bar and orders a double entendre.At the end of the night, the man is looking through his wallet.The bartender says, "Do you need something?""Just the tip." says the man."For me?" says the bartender, opening his mouth.A woman walks into a bar and orders a double entendre. She immediately heads to the far back of the bar. Drink in hand, the bartender searches the bar, smiles as he spots the woman, and then he gives it to her in the rear.A minor walks into a bar and orders a double entendre.The bartender says, We do not serve minors here."The minor leaves. 
A man walks into a bar. A man walks into a bar, and says give me 5 shots of whiskey please. The bartender sets 5 shots on the table and asks, what are we celebrating ?The man picks up the first glass and quickly drinks the first shot, my first blow job he replies. The bartender says congratulations let me give u a glass of our finest scotch on the house. The man picks up the 2nd and 3rd glass, one in each hand and quickly drinks them as well. The bartender sets a glass of 30 year old scotch at the end of the line of shots.The man says thanks , but I doubt that will even get the taste out of my mouth. 
A Roman walks into a bar.. .....holds up two fingers and says, "Five beers, please!"
Batman walks into a bar with a pig It was a hot summers day and the barman thinks it's a strange sight, not to just see Batman, but to see him with a pig that has jet black hair, black eye shadow and studded bracelets.  The barman says "Is there anything I can get you Batman?"   He replies "Just-ice for goth-ham"
A duck walks into a bar and asks, "Got any grapes?"The bartender, confused, tells the duck no. The duck thanks him and leaves.The next day, the duck returns and asks, "Got any grapes?"Again, the bartender tells him, "No -- the bar does not serve grapes, has never served grapes and, furthermore, will never serve grapes." The duck thanks him and leaves.The next day, the duck returns, but before he can say anything, the bartender yells, "Listen, duck! This is a bar! We do not serve grapes! If you ask for grapes again, I will nail your stupid duck beak to the bar!"The duck is silent for a moment, and then asks, "Got any nails?"Confused, the bartender says no."Good!" says the duck. "Got any grapes?"
Jon walks into a bar He orders for the finest wine there is and starts drinking.Suddenly the man next to him stands up and starts accusing Jon of stealing his watch.Jon claims he knows nothing.Hearing this, the people in the bar gang up and stab him shouting **"For the watch..."**
A little boy walks into a bar he is treated for minor concussions... it's funny cause he's a minor, laugh
A man walks into a bar sits down and orders a drink. He asks the bartender "are you into incest?"the bartender pours him his drink and says "relatively."
An infinite number of mathematicians walks into a bar The first order 1 beer, the second 2 beers, the third 3, and so on...The bartender doesn't pour anything and say "Yall own me 1/12 of a beer"
A guy walks into a bar holding a pair of jumper cables He says, "Hey bartender, can I get a drink over here?" The bartender says, "Alright, but don't go trying to start anything in here"
a ballerina walks into a barre she is visually impaired and this is a new studio for her so she was not exactly familiar with her surroundings
A guy walks into a bar And disses lexy...He has dyslexia
A Roman Walks Into a Bar and holds up his middle and pointer fingers. "Five beers please," he says.
A skeleton walks into a bar Orders a beer and a mop. 
Melvin Calvin walks into a bar ....sits down, and orders a scotch. At the other end of the bar he sees a geologist knocking them back like there's no tomorrow. Concerned, Calvin approaches the man and says, "What's troubling you  friend?" The geologist says, "I broke my carbon today at work, oh my god, I'm gonna get fired, I have a family, what's going to happen to my kids?" Then a dawn of realization hits him. "Wait, you're Melvin Calvin! Can you fix my Carbon?" Calvin thinks about it a little, looking the man up and down, checking out the geologist's uniform. After a while, he finally says, "Depends... RUBP?"
A man walks into a bar ...and is sent to the hospital with a severe head injury.
An infinite number of mathematicians walks into a bar. The first order 1 beer, the second 2 beers, the third 3, and so on...Without drinking anything, they gave the bartender 1/12 of a beer and left.
A scientist walks into a bar and seems depressed.The bartender asks "What's the matter?"The scientist replies "Everything is matter."
A Pirate walks into a bar with a steering wheel stuck between his legs. Bartender: What's with the steering wheel?Pirate: Arr, it's drivin' me nuts!
A lawyer walks into a bar He passes.
A law student walks into a bar He says, "Shit I should've prepared for this."
A guy walks into a bar Ouch
A man using apple maps walks into a bar.. ..or maybe it was a church or a grocery store or something 
A skeleton walks into a bar orders a beer and a mop.
A sailor walks into a bar Having been an sea for 6 months without a woman he was desperate for a woman´s touch. But this was a slow night at the bar and the only woman there was a frail old lady in her 80´s. After a few beers and some whiskey chasers he starts talking to her and they end up at her place. He starts caressing her and cuddling. Being horny and drunk he ignores her dry leathery skin and caresses her neck and begins fondling her breasts  which feel like two lava lumps. But after a 6 month dry spell decides to power through and massages them softly and to his surprise a few drops of milk come out of the stubby  nibbles. He licks the sweet nectar clean and proceeds with the lovemaking.After it all he´s ready to leave and says to the lady "thanks this was nice, but I was quite surprised when the sweet milk came out of your tit´s I would think you where a bit to old to have kids""Oh yes dear I am to old to have kids, but not to old to have cancer" 
A Man Walks Into A Bar With a horse? A farmer walks into a bar with a horse. He says, "I will give any of you $1,000 if you can make my horse laugh."A man yells, "I'll take that bet," and leads the horse into the men's room.After a couple seconds, a loud braying laugh is heard from behind the door. The farmer screams to the man, "OK, I'll give you $2,000 if you can make my horse cry."The man shouts, "You're on!"After a few more seconds, the man exits with the horse trudging behind him with tears streaming down his long-snout. Flabbergasted, the farmer asks, "How did you do it?"The man replies, "I said that my d**k was bigger than his and he laughed. Then I showed it to him."
A duck walks into a bar, the bartender greets him and asks: "what can i get you?"The duck replies, "A slice of white bread please"The bartender says: "Sorry, we don't have any white bread, I can offer you a fine selection of wines and beers though. What can I get for you?"The duck replies: "A slice of white bread please"The bartender tries again " I'm really sorry, we don't have any white bread, is there anything else I can get you?"The duck once again states: "A slice of white bread please"The bartender is somewhat exasperated by this point, leans over the bar, looks the duck straight in the eye and says "Look, if you ask me for a slice of white bread one more time, I'm going to nail your fucking beak to this bar. So.. one more time.. what can I get you?"The duck says: "Got any nails?"The bartender, looking puzzled, says "erm... what? No we don't"The Duck says "I'll have a slice of white bread please"
A chemist walks into a bar Chemist: Do you have any Sodium Hypobromite?Bartender: NaBrO 
A man walks into a bar Ouch
A tassel walks into a bar The bartender yells out "Hey, you have to leave! We don't serve ropes here!"The tassel grins and says "Nope, I'm a Frayed knot!"
A man walks into a bar ouch.
A panda walks into a bar. He asks the bartender how he can get a little action for the night. The bartender motions to a young woman. She talks to the panda, and they go back to her place. After having sex, the panda abruptly leaves.The next night, the woman goes to the panda's house."You owe me money," she says. "For what?" The woman rolls her eyes and explains, "I'm a prostitute." The panda pulls out a dictionary and looks it up: "Prostitute: Has sex for money." The panda says, "I don't have to pay you. I'm a panda. Look it up." She is about to protest when the panda hands her the dictionary. The woman looks up "panda" in the dictionary, and it reads, "Panda: Eats bush and leaves."
A joke that is too long and doesn't have a punchline walks into a bar. He looked a bit gloomy. The bartender decides not to comment on this at first and just asks: "What can I get you?" The joke replies: "A beer please" - "ok, coming up". The bartender proceeds to take a glass out of the shelf and pours the joke a nice and cold beer. "Here you go". - "Thanks".Around 20 minutes pass. The joke sits at the bar, drinking alone. Meanwhile, other people enter the bar. There are two attractive people in love, an old man who used to live a life of adventure and always has an anecdote to tell to the other guests (whether they ask him for it or not), a couple of tourists who have read about the bar in guides as "a place to hang out", some college kids who have read about the bar in guides as "a place to get wasted", and some regular guests who just give the barkeeper a slight nod to indicate they desire their usual drink.The beer didn't seem to cheer up the joke at all. After around half an hour, the barkeeper finally decides to say something. He walks over to the joke and says "Hey buddy, what's wrong?" The joke sighs and says "I can't do anything right. My wife loves another man, my job is a dead end and my kids both act up in school. Plus, my back is killing me and no medication seems to help. I don't know what to do". The barkeeper proceeds to comfort the joke with a combination of experiences from his own life and self-help classics and it seems to help. It would be an overstatement to say the joke loved his life after their conversation, but he was clearly in a better mood than before. "Thanks, man. That was great advice", he said and smiled. Some more guests kept coming in during the course of the night.
A man walks into a bar A new bar opens in town, a man walks in and asks the bartender for a Jack and Coke. Bartender reaches under the bar and grabs an apple and hands it to the guy, puzzled the guy says " I ordered a Jack and Coke, not an apple.". Bartender says,"just take a bite.". The man exclaims "this tastes just like coke, but what about the Jack.". Bartender tells him to turn it around and take another bite, he does and finds it taste just like Jack Daniels. Another man comes in and orders a screwdriver, again the bartender reaches under the bar, grabs an apple and hands it to the guy. Noticing the look on the persons face the first customer says,"trust me, just take a bite.". Which he does and finds it tastes just like orange juice, so the first guy tells him to turn it around and take another bite, he does and it tastes just like vodka. Now a third guy walks in and the first two tell him that the bartender has apples that taste like anything he wants. The third guy thinks for a minute, and then says"I want an apple that tastes like a woman.". So the bartender reaches under the bar grabs an apple and hands it to him. He takes a big bite, and then spits it out and tells,"THIS APPLE TASTE LIKE ASS!!". So the bartender says "Turn it around."
Guy walks into a bar So, this guy walks into a bar with 2 Bananas in his ears.Bartender says "Hey buddy, whats up with the Bananas?"Guy says "What?"
Descartes walks into a bar The bartender asks, "can I get you a drink" to which Descartes replies, "I think not" and *poof* Descartes disappears. 
An Irishman walks into a bar in London , orders 3 pints of beer and sits in the back of the room, drinking a sip out of each one in turn.When he finishes, he comes back to the bar counter and orders 3 more. The bartender tells him, "You know, beer goes flat after I fill it in the glass; it would taste better if you buy one at a time."The Irishman replies, "Well, you see, I have two brothers. One is in Dublin , the other in Canada and I'm here in London . When we left home, we promised that we'll drink this way to remember the days when we drank together."The bartender admits this is a nice custom and leaves it there.The Irishman became a regular in the bar and would always drink the same way. He'd order 3 Beers and drink them in turn.One day, he came in and ordered only 2 Beers. All the other regulars notice and fall silent.When he comes back to the bar for the second round, the bar tender says, "I don't want to intrude on your grief, but I wanted to offer my sincere condolences on your great loss."The Irishman looked confused for a moment, and then he laughs.... "Oh, no," He said, "Everyone's fine; both my brothers are alive. The only thing is . . . I have quit drinking"!
A woman walks into a bar and very loudly asks for a drink. She glares at the men drinking there, raises her arm and points around the bar. "Is there a gentleman here who'll buy a lady a drink?"When she raises her arm, it is obvious she neither showers nor shaves her armpits. Most of the men look away, but one little guy with thick glasses speaks up. "Sure, I'll buy that ballerina a drink" he says. She slams the beer down, looks around again, raises her arm and bellows, "Is there a gentleman here who'll buy a lady a drink?". Again, the little guy with the coke bottle glasses calls the bartender over, and says he'll buy the ballerina a drink. Again, she slams it down, and again she rudely asks for a free drink while pointing her finger. When the little man persists in saying he would buy the ballerina a drink, the bartender runs over and says, "Look, I don't care if you buy her drinks, but why do you think she is a ballerina." "Because", the little guy says, "any woman who can lift her leg that high is a ballerina to me."
So a naked woman walks into a bar and asks for a beer The bartender stares at her body from head to toe then serves her a beer. She drinks it and asks for another beer. The bartender stares at her for longer and serves her a second beer. The woman again drinks it and asks for a third beer.Then the bartender starts to look at her with an amused expression, until the woman says:-- What, have you never seen a naked woman before?-- That I have, miss. I'm wondering where you're keeping the money to pay for the beers.
A man walks into a bar and saw something amazing It was a small, small man a little less than a foot tall  playing the piano. He was running back and forth on the chair  and pressing the keys with his arms over his head.  The small man took a break and the man asked,  "That's the most amazing thing I have ever seen.  How's you learn to do that?"  The small man responded, "Well I was awoken one night to a bright light.  It was my fairy godmother and she said she would grant me one wish.  Well, I think she was a little hard of hearing because when I woke up,  I was an 8 inch pianist."  
A man walks into a bar, And sees a bunch of meat hanging from the ceiling. Thinking this is rather odd, he goes over to the bartender and asks about the meat on the ceiling. The bartender tells him, "if you can jump and touch any piece of meat up there, you get free drinks for the night. If, however, you miss, you have to buy rounds for everyone in the bar."The man looks up at the meat, then back at the bartender, then around the room at all the hopeful faces, and finally says to the bartender, "I think I'll pass, the steaks are too high"
A duck walks into a bar And he asks the bartender, "you got any grapes?". Bartender says no. So the duck walks out.About an hour later the duck walks back into the same bar. He asks the bartender, "you got any grapes?". Bartender says "We still don't have any fucking grapes". So the duck walks out.About an hour after that, that duck waddled back into the same bar. He looks like he's going to ask the bartender something before the bartender slams his fist on the bar and says "We don't have and grapes, Duck, and frankly I'm sick of you asking. So if you ask one more time I'm gonna nail your bloody feet to the floor" Duck says nothing, walks out. THE VERY NEXT DAY same duck walks into same bar. He looks up to that bartender and asks, "hey do you have any nails?" Bartender says "No". Duck says "Oh...well do you have any grapes, then?"
Guy walks into a bar with 2 sheep, a pillow, and a stone letter 'N'. Bartender says, 'what's with all that?' Disgusted, the man explains, "The pillow is down, the sheep are female and from Thailand,  and this letter weighs 16oz and made from the stone of another planet."Bartender: 'that doesn't really explain anything' guy: I met a beautiful, exotic woman and when she asked 'what is your wish my master?' I thought she was a submissive not a genie, but she gave me what she thought I wished for...2 Thai ewe, down, and a hard, pound 'N' of Uranus 
A panda walks into a bar. He asks the bartender how he can get a little action for the night. The bartender motions to a young woman. She talks to the panda, and they go back to her place. After having sex, the panda abruptly leaves. The next night, the woman goes to the panda's house. "You owe me money," she says. "For what?" The woman rolls her eyes and explains, "I'm a prostitute." The panda pulls out a dictionary and looks it up: "Prostitute: Has sex for money." The panda says, "I don't have to pay you. I'm a panda. Look it up." She is about to protest when the panda hands her the dictionary. The woman looks up "panda" in the dictionary, and it reads, "Panda: Eats bush and leaves.
Hellen Keller walks into a bar Then a table, then a chair
A pirate walks into a bar with a steering wheel in his crotch. He asks the bartender for a drink. After serving the drink, the bartender asks the pirate "Do you know there is a steering wheel in your crotch?" and the pirate replies "ARRR! And it's driving me nuts!"
A duck walks into a bar with one shoe on He orders a pint and the barman says "....Hey, did you lose a shoe?"  And the duck says "Nah, I found one"
A ghost walks into a bar "Sorry sir" the barmen says, "We don't serve spirits after eleven"
A Billionaire, a Misogynist, and a Racist walks into a bar The bartender asks how he is doing in the election.Edit: shitty spelling and punchline
An Asian-American man walks into a barbershop The place is empty, save for one employer, who is Asian.The woman leads the man to a seat and asks what he wants."I'll have a brow-job please. Not too heavy though."Almost immediately after he says his order, the barber unzips the mans pants and starts blowing him, an act which the man did not complain against. After it was finished, the man rezips his pants and asks the woman "That was very nice and all, but I didn't really come here for a blowjob..."The woman harshly replies "Yes you did! You came in here and you asked me to give you a browjob!"
A blind man walks into a bar. And a table. And a door.And then a staircase.I don't think hes alright, can someone get a doctor?
Man walks into a bar with a piece of tarmac. He said " can i have a drink and one for the road"
A guy walks into a bar with a pet alligator by his side. He puts the alligator up on the bar and turns to the astonished patrons."I'll make you a deal. I'll open this alligator's mouth and place my genitals inside. The gator will then close his mouth for one minute. He'll then open his mouth, and I'll remove my unit unscathed. In return for witnessing this spectacle, each of you will buy me a drink."The crowd murmurs their approval. The man stands up on the bar, drops his trousers, and places his privates in the alligator's open mouth. The gator closes his mouth as the crowd gasps. After a minute, the man grabs a beer bottle and raps the alligator hard on the top its head. The gator opens his mouth, and the man removes his genitals, unscathed, as promised. The crowd cheers, and he receives the first of his free drinks.The man stands up again and makes another offer: "I'll pay anyone $100 who's willing to give it a try."A hush falls over the crowd. A moment later, a hand goes up in the back of the bar."I'll try," says a small woman, "but you have to promise not to hit me on the head with the beer bottle."
An alcoholic walks into a bar. He's so drunk, he doesn't feel anything.
A muslim walks into a bar No one survived the blast.
A coal miner walks into a bar. And the bartender says, “We don’t serve your kind here.” The coal miner snorts, “You mean you don’t serve ‘minors’? Never heard that one before.” “No, I mean we don’t serve black people.”’ 
A duck walks into a bar. He sits down at the bar and asks the bartender "you got any grapes?" The bartender says "no". The duck says "ok" and walks out.The next day he comes back, sits down and asks the bartender "You got any grapes?" The bartender says "No, we don't have grapes." The duck says "ok" and walks out.The next day the duck comes back, sits, down and asks the bartender "You got any grapes?" The bartender says "What the fuck is wrong with you? I'v told you we don't serve grapes!" The duck says "ok" and walks out.The next day the duck come back, sits down and asks the bartender "You got any grapes?" The bartender says "Motherfucker, if you come in here again asking for grapes again, I am going to nail your feet to the floor!!" The duck says "ok" and walks out.The next day the duck comes back, sits down and asks "You got any nails?" The bartender says "no". The duck asks "You got any grapes?"
A Mexican walks into a bar The bartender says "You can stay, but you must sit behind that wall over there."
The band "Snow Patrol" walks into a bar, looking a little tipsy.The bartender asks, "How many bars have you folks been to, tonight?"They reply, "Just two."The bartender says, "GET OUT!!"
A Duck walks into a Bar Duck: Got any bread?Barman: No.Duck: Got any bread?Barman: No.Duck: Got any bread?Barman: No.Duck: Got any bread?Barman: No, and if you keep asking, I'll nail your beak to the bar.Duck: Got any nails?Barman: No.Duck: Got any bread?
A blind man walks into a bar and a table...and a chair
A neutron walks into a bar He sits down and orders a drink. When he finishes drinking, he pulls out his wallet and say to the Bartender, "How much?"The Bartender says, "For you? No charge."
Psi walks into a bar And says to the owner"Such a nice unit you have here, totally on a different scale"
A QA tester walks into a bar and orders a beer. Then he orders 0 beers.Then he orders 999999999999 beers.Then he orders a lizard.Then he orders -1 beers.Then he orders NULL beersThen he orders asnwikfjsdf.
A baby seal walks into a bar Bartender asks "What'll it be kid?"Seal plops a five on the counter and says "Anything but a Canadian Club."
A man walks into a bar and sees a giant jar of $20 notes "What's with the jar?" the man asks the bartender."That's for the bar challenge, you put $20 in and if you complete  three tasks you get the lot.""What are the three tasks?" the customer asks, intrigued."First you need to drink a gallon of homemade moonshine, the strongest we have. Next, there's a junkyard dog outside with a sore tooth, you need to pull it out. Last, there's an 89 year old virgin upstairs who you need to make love to".The customer is a bit put off but after a few beers decides to try his luck. He drinks the gallon of moonshine and gets blind drunk before he stumbles outside to where the dog is. There's a commotion outside and the bartender hears the dog growl then whine.The drunk customer stumbles back into the bar and slurs "alright now where's the old lady with the sore tooth?"
A guy walks into a bar, and gets an apple. A guy walks into a bar, sits front and center on the bar and asks the bartender for a Rum and Coke. The bartender looks at the guy, reaches under the bar, and tosses him an apple.  The guy with a confused face says "I asked for a Rum and Coke." Which the bartender replies "Take a bite, trust me." He goes for the bite, and to his surprise it tastes like Rum. The bartender still looking at him says "Turn it around" The guy takes a bite from the opposite side. "Oh my god, it tastes just like Coke!" A few seconds later another guy walks inside. "Can I get a Gin and Tonic" The bartender places another apple on the bar "Enjoy" The guy looks at him and complains, "I asked for a Gin and Tonic" To which the first guy replies "Trust Me, you'll like it" He takes a bite, "Wow! This tastes like Gin!" The bartender looking at him "Turn it around..." The guy goes for the second bite, "It tastes like Tonic, this is my new favorite way to get drunk!" A third guy walks in, straight to the bar, and sits down. The first guy tells him "No matter what you want, this guy has an apple for every taste, order one" With a doubtful face the guy asks the bartender "In that case, do you have an apple that tastes like pussy?" To which he replies "*Do I have an apple that tastes like pussy*..." He puts an apple on the bar, "You mean like this?" The guy grabs it, takes a huge bite and immediately spits it out. "It tastes like shit!!" The bartender with a smirk on his face "Turn it around........."
A French-guy walks into a bar with a dog and orders 2 martinis from the cute barmaid. They each drink their drinks and the barmaid asks "hey Mr. does your dog know any other tricks?".The man replies "Well,as a matter of fact, he can satisfy a woman's every need.".Intrigued the barmaid invites them into a backroom and says "this I would like to see.". Several minutes pass and she complains that the dog did nothing so the man tells the dog "look I'm only going to show you one more time!!!".
Jesus walks into a bar, puts three nails on the counter, and says to the barkeep  "Hey, could you put me up for the night?"
A skeleton walks into a bar  ... he says " Gimme a Beer ... and a Mop !
Moses walks into a bar And says "I'll just halve water"
A Roman Walks into a Bar He holds up two fingers, and says "'l'll Have 5 Beers Please"
Neil deGrasse Tyson walks into a bar.  Everyone leaves. "EVERYONE?" he chuckles to himself. "7.4 billion humans couldn't fit in this space."
A Unit of Power Walks Into A Bar Watt?
Jesus walks into a bar and says "I'll just have water"
So a soccerball walks into a bar The bartender kicked him out.
So this pirate walks into a bar and he has the ships wheel attached to his hips.      The bar tender says, "wow that looks uncomfortable!"    The pirate responds,     "ARGH ITS DRIVING ME NUTS!!!"
A Bear walks into a bar in Butte Walks up to the Bartender and says "Gimme a beer"Bartender says "No way, get out! We don't serve beers to bears in bars in Butte!"Drunk woman at the end of the bar says "You heard the man bear, get out!"Bear says again "I'm asking nicely, please give me a beer"Bartender says "No! I told you, we don't serve beers to bears in bars in Butte, so go away!"Drunk woman at the end of the bar hiccups and says "He told you bear, now jush get outta heeere"Bear says "Ok, one last time, before something bad happens. Give. Me. A. Beer."Bartender says "NO, we do not serve beers to bears in bars in Butte!Drunk woman slurs "Ya bear, get outta tha bar"Bear walks over to the drunk woman, bites her head off in in one huge chomp, walks back over to the Bartender and says "So you gonna give me that beer now, or what?"Bartender says "Bear, I told you, we don't serve beers to bears in bars in Butte, especially not bears on drugs!"The Bear says "Drugs? What do you mean? I'm not on drugs"Bartender says "Well, that was a Barbiturate"
A limbo champion walks into a bar And loses his title.
A guy walks into a bar and asks for a drink. The bartender says "I'll give you a drink if you tell me a meta-joke." The guy replies, "A guy walks into a bar and asks for a drink. The bartender says "I'll give you a drink if you tell me a meta-joke." The guy replies, "A guy walks into a bar and asks for a drink. The bartender says "Here you go" and gives him a drink." So the bartender gives the guy a drink." So the bartender gives the guy a drink.
A horse walks into a bar The bartender says why the long face.The horse says "I finally realise that my alcoholism is driving my family apart"
guy walks into a bar with a .44 magnum and yells "who the fuck fucked my wife!". Everybody's silent for a second, then a guy in the back of the bar says "you haven't got enough bullets mate"
A man walks into a bar He goes over to the counter and is about to ask the bartender for a drink when he freezes. There, before him, was the bartender having sex with a monkey."What are you doing?" the man asks, repulsed."I'm having sex with this monkey." the bartender replies."That. That is absolutely disgusting. I'm sorry, I can't drink in this bar." and he leaves.He goes to the bar over the road and sits down. He has a drink and says to the bartender, "You won't believe what I've just seen.""Hit me.""I went to the bar across the road from here and went in, went to order my drink and there I saw the bartender, with his trousers down, having sex with this monkey.""Really?""Yes and I'm absolutely disgusted at his actions. In fact I have a good mind to phone the police on him.""I wouldn't do that if I was you.""Why?""Because I am his brother!"
A string walks into a bar The bartender notices the string and tells him, "Hey! We don't serve strings here!"The string nonchalantly abides and leaves the bar and proceeds to the back of the bar. He then tussles his hair for a bit and then ties himself into a knot.He walks back into the bar.The bartender notices him and asks. "Hey, aren't you that same string I told to leave a few moments ago?!"The string replies "Nope, I'm a frayed knot!"
An Irishman walks into a bar. He orders a beer and about to drink it when, "Hey Paddy, you're not supposed to be drinking!""Cripes! Me beer is talking!" cries an alarmed Paddy."Nope, it's your doctor." He looks across to see his doctor there. "You've been drinking too much again Paddy after I told you to stop. By the way, I would *really* appreciate a blowjob right now. Would you mind?"
A man walks into a bar "I'll give anyone $100 if they can drink 10 Guinness's in 5 minutes." Most people just ignore the absurd bet and go back to their conversations. One guy even leaves the bar. A few minutes later that guy comes back and asks the man, "Is that bet still on?" "Sure," he says. So the bartender lines 10 Guinness' up on the bar the Irishman drinks them all in less than 5 minutes. As the man hands over the money he asks, "Where did you go when you just left?" The Irishman answers, "I went next door to the other pub to see if I could do it."
Walks into a bar: Pissing contest Two men walk into a bar, one wearing a cowboy hat and the other wearing a Yankees cap. The guy in the Yankees cap approaches the bartender and make a bet: "I'll bet you $1,000 that I can put a shot glass at one end of your bar and piss into it from the other end of the bar without spilling a drop."The bartender laughs and says, "You're crazy, but you're on."The man positions a shot glass on one end, walks to the other end and unzips his fly. He then pisses everywhere -- all over the walls, over the bar top, all over the bottles of booze, and all over the bartender. The bartender roars with laughter and tells the man to pay up.The guy in the Yankees cap pays up, laughing and smiling, too."What are you smiling at?" asks the bartender. "You just lost $1,000!""Well, you see that guy in the cowboy hat over there crying? Before we came in, I bet him $10,000 that I could piss all over your bar, your walls, your liquor AND you, and not only would you not be mad -- you would laugh hysterically about it!"
A Bloke Walks into a Bar And orders three pints all to himself. Sensing a possibility trouble maker, the bartender asks "are these all for you?" "Yes, it's a family tradition" replied the man. "You see, my two brothers and I live in different parts of the world. So every Saturday we go down to our local pub and drink a pint for each of us. It's like we're all together again" This carries on for many months until one Saturday the man walks in and orders only two pints. The bartender, with concern in his voice, asks the man "Is everything is alright?""Why yes of course, I've just decided to give up drinking."
An Irishman walks into a bar and orders three shots Seamus walks into a bar and asks the bartender for three shots of Bushmills and three pints of Guinness. "Rough day, friend?" the bartender asks as he pours the drinks."Nah - it's for me brothers. The three of us used to drink together back home in Dublin when we were younger. Now Mick's in London, Paddy's in Australia, and I'm here in New York. We hardly ever see each other these days, but when we left home, we swore we'd drink like this in honor of the times we was together."Seamus returns every Friday night, always ordering the same thing. The lone Irishman with three shots and three pints becomes a familiar sight to the other patrons.Then, one Friday night, Seamus comes in looking downcast. He walks up to the bartender and orders two shots and two pints. A stunned silence falls over the regular patrons. "Oh, Seamus. I'm so sorry for your loss," says the bartender. "Which brother did you lose? Mick or Paddy?""Oh, no! Me brothers are fine!" says Seamus. "It's just that me wife's made me quit drinking!"
A guy walks into a bar The bartender says "What can I get for you sir?"Guy says "How dare you assume my gender on my appearance!"
A man walks into a bar (NSFW) A man walks into a bar, and as men do at bars he orders a beer. And soon it turns into several beers. And as men do after several beers this man is gets rather drunk and needs to piss. So he walks into the bathroom and uses one of the urinals. He looks down to the urinal next to him and sees a short man in a green suit taking a piss. This little guy has the absolutely largest dick that the man has ever seen. The man is absolutely shocked.In this man's drunken stupor he blurts out, "Oy, that is one fucking big cock ya got there!"The little man in the green suit looks up and says, "Well of course I do, all leprechauns do!"The man is even more shocked now, "Wait you're a fuckin' leprechaun?!"Slowly the man tries to process this and suddenly grabs the leprechaun and says, "Well, now you need to give me your pot of gold!"The little man looks up sadly and responds, "Well, you see, in this economy we leprechauns don't have pots of gold anymore. We decided it would be easier to grant a wish to the people who catch us, but there is a catch. If you want the wish you need to let me fuck you in the ass."The man thinks for a second and agrees. The idea of getting anything he wants is just too tempting despite the massive size of the leprechaun's cock.So they move to a stall, the little man jumps up on the toilet, and they start fucking. The little guy really starts giving it to him.After about 15 minutes the man is really starting to regret his decision. Then the little man asks, "What's your name, friend?"The man is barely able to talk while getting fucked in the ass like this, but he just manages to get out, "My name is Dave.""Oh by the way, how old are ye, Dave?""35""Wow 35 years old and you still be believe in leprechauns!!!"
[Long] A bear walks into a bar He approaches the bartender and asks for a drink. The bartender refuses, and says "We don't serve bears here." So the bear trudges off and mopes for a little while. Eventually, he resolves to demand service. He stomps back into the bad and roars for the bartender to give him a drink, or he will eat somebody. "I'm sorry, but we don't serve bears," came the bartenders reply. Immediately, the bear went into a rage, turned from the bar, and barreled toward the first person he saw: an old whorish looking lady, who quickly succumbed to the bear's onslaught. After devouring the woman, the bear stalked back to the bar, and once again, ordered a drink, convinced that the bartender would finally serve him. The bartender flatly refused, "I told you we don't serve bears here, and neither do we serve drug addicts.""But I don't do drugs," said the bear. "I've never smoked or injected or snorted anything in my entire life!""Oh yeah?" replied the bartender. "What about that bar bitch you ate?"
A skeleton walks into a bar And orders a pint of beer and a mop.
A black guy walks into a bar with a parrot The bartender says, "Wow! That is really cool! Where did you get it?""Africa", says the parrot.
A Giraffe walks into a bar. He sits down at the bar and gets the Bartenders attention.Bartender says: "What will you have."Giraffe says: "Vodka Martini, stirred."Bartender makes the martini, brings it the giraffe and says, "That will be $20."Giraffe pays and sips his drink.A few minutes later, the bartender returns and says to the giraffe, "you know, we don't get a lot of giraffes in here."To which the giraffe responds, "well for a $20 martini, you sure as hell won't. 
A pirate walks into a bar with a paper towel on his head. The bartender sees this and asks him why.The pirate replies, "Arr, I've got a bounty on my head."- A friend sent me this joke this morning, lol.
A horse walks into a bar. The bartender asks the horse if it's an alcoholic considering all the bars he frequents, to which the horse replies I don't think I am" "I think not!" POOF! The horse disappears. This is the point in time when all the philosophy students in the audience begin to giggle, as they are familiar with the philosophical proposition of Cogito ergo sum, "I doubt. Therefore I think, therefore, I am."But to explain the concept aforehand would be putting Descartes before the horse.
A really hot girl walks into a bar brb
A pirate walks into a bar with a leg, hand and eye missing ONe of his old friends happens to be in this same bar and immediately calls to him, "Hey, Cap'n! Long time no see! You seem rough, care to explain?"The captain explains his leg first. "I lost a bet in a gambling, and I had to get into a cannon to be launched into the sea. One of my men got too excited and lit the thing before I was all the way into the cannon."The friend nods and the captain continues."As for my hand, I had to swordfight another captain when he raided my ship, after stalking it for a week at sea after we dug up a large chest of doubloons. It was a long battle but in the end, my crew and I were victorious, the only loss was gunpowder and my hand.""What about your eyepatch?""A seagull dropped a white one as I looked to the skies with my golden scope.""So THAT'S why you have an eyepatch?""Nah, it was my first day with the hook."That was my first joke to /r/jokes . I hope it was entertaining! I'm sure the real version of this joke is floating around out there, this is just my interpretation of it from when I heard it on a vague radio show when I was 7 years old.
A sandwich walks into a bar the bartender says: "Sorry, we don't serve food here."
So, a neckbeard walks into a bar Just kidding!They don't even leave the basement!
A man walks into a bar with an octopus He lays down $500 and says "my octopus can play any instrument you put in front of him" hearing this a man walks up and puts a guitar in front of the octopus.Puzzled for a sec the octopus grabs it and plays a riff like Jimi Hendrix would play.Another guy walks up laughs and hands a trumpet. The octopus looks at it and grabs it playing a song by Louis Armstrong.Another guy across the street hears about the bet and runs to the bar he lays down the money and Hands the octopus a set of bag pipes. Very puzzled the octopus sits back and just stares at the instrument. The owner expecting that he is about to lose his money, leans over to the octopus and says " hey can you play this thing or not ?" Still looking puzzled the octopus looks at his owner and says "play it? If I can figure out how to get its pajamas off, I m going to fuck it
A blind man walks into a bar Then into a chair, then into a table.
A Jewish guy walks into a bar. The Chinese bartender asks him his name "I'm Max Goldberg", he says, "what's yours?""I'm Wei Zhang, it's nice to meet you."Mr. Goldberg says, "I'll never forgive you people for bombing Pearl Harbor.""I'm Chinese. That was the Japanese.""Chinese, Japanese, all the same to me."Mr. Zhang says, "I'll never forgive you people for sinking the Titanic.""I'm Jewish, that was an iceberg.""Goldberg, iceberg, all the same to me."
A horse walks into a bar. .. A horse walks into a bar and sits down.The bartender says, "Why the long face?"Sarah Jessica Parker responds, "I'm a person you know? I have feelings!"
A mayfly walks into a bar. The bartender asks: "Why don't you fly?" The mayfly responds: "Because it's not May, you fucking idiot"
Donald Trump and Adolf Hitler walks into a bar He orders a beer
A cowboy walks into a bar and takes a seat next to a very attractive woman. He gives her a quick glance, then casually looks at his watch for a moment. The woman notices this and asks, "Is your date running late?" "No", he replies,"I just got this state-of the-art watch, and I was just testing it." The intrigued woman responds, "A state-of-the-art watch? What"s so special about it?" The cowboy explains, "It uses alpha waves to talk to me telepathically." She asks, "What"s it telling you now?" "Well, it says you're not wearing any panties." The woman giggles, "Well, it must be broken because I am wearing panties!" The cowboy smiles, taps his watch and says, "Damn thing's an hour fast."
So a man walks into a bar in Las Vegas He orders ten consecutive shots, and drinks them all within 45 seconds. The bartender says, "What's with the rush?" and the man replies, "You'd drink this fast if you had what I had." The bartender says, "What do you have?" and the man replies quickly, "45 cents."
A cowboy walks into a bar and takes a seat next to a very attractive woman. He gives her a quick glance then causally looks at his watch for a moment. The woman notices this and asks, "Is your date running late?" "No", he replies,"I just got this state-of the-art watch, and I was just testing it.." The intrigued woman says, "A state-of-the-art watch? What"s so special about it?" The cowboy explains, "It uses alpha waves to talk to me telepathically." The lady says, "What"s it telling you now?" Well, it says you're not wearing any panties." The woman giggles and replies "Well it must be broken because I am wearing panties!" The cowboy smiles, taps his watch and says, "Damn thing's an hour fast."
A Panda walks into a bar where a man and a woman had already been sharing drinks. They whip their heads around and exclaim, "A panda! Bartender, there's a panda in here!" Not wanting to be rude, the bartender invites the panda to have a seat at the bar. The panda, to the disbelief of those watching, orders a beer and some wings and enjoys his tasty meal while the man and woman gawk in amazement. When it comes time to pay the bill, the panda gets up, pulls out a gun, shoots the bartender, and runs off into the night. Police are on the scene immediately and have trouble believing the man and woman's story, that a panda had come in, ordered wings, and shot the bartender. It wasn't until a zoologist was brought onto the scene that the story became clear. After hearing the full story the zoologist seemed to understand perfectly."Aw, that makes perfect sense," said the zoologist."Really? How does it make any sense at all," asked the police officer."Well, you see," replies the zoologist, "It's just the panda's nature. A panda eats shoots and leaves."
A cowboy walks into a bar and takes a seat next to a very attractive woman. He gives her a quick glance then causally looks at his watch for a moment. The woman notices this and asks, "Is your date running late?" "No", he replies,"I just got this state-of the-art watch, and I was just testing it.." The intrigued woman says, "A state-of-the-art watch? What"s so special about it?" The cowboy explains, "It uses alpha waves to talk to me telepathically." The lady says, "What"s it telling you now?" Well, it says you're not wearing any panties." The woman giggles and replies "Well it must be broken because I am wearing panties!" The cowboy smiles, taps his watch and says, "Damn thing's an hour fast."
A man walks into a bar with an ostrich and a midget. He sits down at the bar with the ostrich and orders a drink while the midget walks over to the piano and begins playing some tunes.The bartender pours the drink and the man pulls out the exact change from his pocket. This continues for a few rounds until the bartenders curiosity gets the better of him.BT - How do you have the exact change for each round of drinks?M - I was granted 3 wishes by a genie, I asked to be able to pull the exact amount of money from my pocket for whatever I wanted to purchase.BT - Okay, so what about the ostrich?M - The next thing I asked for was a chick with long legs.BT - So how does the midget on the piano fit into it?M - Well, I certainly didn't ask for a 12 inch pianist.
A man walks into a bar, and orders 10 times the amount of drinks as everyone else. The barman says "now *that's* an order of magnitude!"
A blind guy walks into a bar ***thud***
An atheist walks into a bar "We have a special on highballs," offers the bartender."No thanks," says the atheist, "I don't believe in spirits."
A Roman walks into a bar He says "I'd like a martinus," the bartender replies "don't you mean a martini?", the Roman replies "if I wanted a double I'd have asked for one.'
A roman walks into a bar Holds up two fingers and says five beers please
A man walks into a bar in Russia.  "Can I have one beer?" - he asks the barman.  "That will be two hundred rubles," - says the barman.  ""What? It was one hundred yesterday!" - says the man.  "Well, you see, it is one hundred for a beer and now you have to add a hundred for Crimea,"- says the barman.  The man hands him two hundred rubles.  The barman gives him back a hundred and says: "We are out of beer".
So a giraffe walks into a bar  and says, "High balls, on me!"
So this doctor walks into a bar and he orders a beer **Feminist:** Why isn’t the doctor a woman? Does it have to be a man? You know women can be doctors too!**Me:** Okay, this FEMALE doctor orders a beer-**Feminist:** Why is she drinking a beer in a bar? She’s obviously an intelligent woman for being a doctor, why would she subject herself to such a male environment?**Me:** Okay, she’s not in a bar, she’s um, at a… baseball game, and she orders a beer from one of the stands-**Feminist:** Why would a strong independent intelligent woman doctor be supporting a male dominated sport?!!!!!! That’s so oppressive! The men will look at her so demeaningly with no respect for what she has achieved!**Me:** … Okay fine, I just won’t tell the joke then.**Feminist:** If you seriously can’t tell a joke without being sexist then you’re not actually funny at all. I bet the original male doctor was White too, you racist. 
A man walks into a bar. He sits at the bar, tells the bartender to set him up 10 shots of vodka. He downs all ten one after another. The bartender says to him you must be celebrating something huh? He says yelp; my first blow job. The bartender says in that case here's another one on me. The man say that's ok if the first 10 didn't take the taste out of my mouth nothing will. 
A Roman walks into a bar and holds up two fingers and says "I'll have five beers please."
A Panda Walks Into a Bar  sits down and order a sandwich. He eats the sandwich, pulls out a gun and shoots the waiter dead. As the panda stands up to go, the bartender shouts, "Hey! Where are you going? You just shot my waiter and you didn't pay for your sandwich!" The panda yells back at the bartender, "Hey man, I'm a PANDA! Look it up!" The bartender opens his dictionary and sees the following definition for Panda: "A tree dwelling marsupial of Asian origin, characterized by distinct black and white coloring. Eats shoots and leaves."
A pirate walks into a bar ...with a wooden ship's steering wheel stuffed in the front of his pants.The bartender says, "hey captain, you know you have a steering wheel in your pants?"The pirate replies, "arr, it's driving me nuts!"
A guy walks into a bar and orders a gin and juice. The bartender hands him an apple. The guy asks "What is this? I ordered a gin and juice."The bartender says take a bite of the apple. The guy takes a bite and it tastes like gin. The bartender tells him to turn it around and it tastes like juice.The guy is amazed and soon a woman comes in and orders a rum and coke. Again the bartender gives her a apple and tells her to try it.She takes a bite and it tastes like coke then bites the other half and it takes like rum. She also is amazed at this.A little while later another guy walks in. The woman and man tell him about the apple. The bartender says he can make the apple taste like anything he wants.The man says he wants a apple that tastes like pussy.Bartender hands him the apple and he takes a bite. He spits it out and yells "This tastes like shit!"The bartender says to him "Turn the apple around."EDIT: Added a letter e to bite.
Horse walks into a bar Bartender says "Hey did you see Donald Trump talking about his dick on tv last night? Can you believe that fucking guy might be president?"
So a pirate walks into a bar The waitress goes over to the pirate and notices a steering wheel hanging out of his pants. The waitress asks, "Sir, I don't mean to alarm you, but you have steering wheel hanging down in front of your crotch." The pirate replies, "Aargh, it's driving me nuts!"
A blind man walks into a bar. Then a chair. Then a table.
A man with goat legs and horns walks into a bar It's only Satyr
A termite walks into a bar And asks "Is the bartender here?"
Gravity walks into a bar in space And shit goes **down**
This guy walks into a bar down in Alabama and orders a Grape Nehi. Surprised, the bartender looks around and says "You ain't from around here...where you from, boy?"  The guy says, "I'm from West Virginia."  The bartender asks, "What do you do in West Virginia?"  The guy responds,"I'm a taxidermist." The bartender asks, "A taxidermist...what the hell is a taxidermist?"  The guy says "I mount dead animals." The bartender smiles and shouts to the whole bar,  "It's OK boys, he's one of us!" 
A guy walks into a bar -- and sustains a mild concussion.
A man walks into a bar with a paper bag. He sits down and places the bag on the counter. The bartender walks up and asks what’s in the bag.The man reaches into the bag and pulls out a little man, of about 12 inches height, and sets him on the counter. He reaches back into the bag and pulls out a small piano, setting it on the counter as well. He reaches into the bag once again and pulls out a tiny piano bench. The little man sits down at the piano and starts playing a beautiful piece by Mozart.“Where on earth did you get that ???” asked the surprised bartender. The man responds by reaching into the paper bag. This time he pulls out a magic lamp. He hands it to the bartender and says: “Here. Rub it.”So the bartender rubs the lamp, and suddenly there’s a gust of smoke and a beautiful genie is standing before him. “I will grant you one wish – just one.”The bartender gets real excited. Without hesitating he says, “I want a million bucks !”A few moments later, a duck walks into the bar. Another duck, then another soon follow it. Pretty soon, the entire bar is filled with ducks and they keep coming!The bartender turns to the man and says, “You know, I think your genie’s a little deaf. I asked for a million bucks, not a million ducks.”The man replies, “Do you really think I asked for a 12 inch pianist ??? “
A man walks into a bar Ouch.
A man walks into a bar He takes a seat with  a pair of thuggish looking men on one side and 3 liberals discussing politics on the other.  After awhile the thugs, who are drunk, instigate a fight with another patron.  The bartender, a huge and poweful man, grabs them both and physically throws them out of the bar.Not long after this, he overhears the liberals discussing their support of communism and interjects to say that capitalism is a better system.  The liberals gang up on him and give him a serious beatdown.  The bartender does nothing, and the liberals pay their tab and leave."What the hell?!?" he screams at the bartender.  "You threw those other guys out for fighting but you let those liberals kick my ass!"  The bartender shrugs and replies "Two wrongs don't make a right, but three lefts do."
A guy walks into a bar with a monkey on his shoulder. The bartender says, "Ummm, we don't allow monkeys in here, sorry".The guy says, "Don't worry, this monkey is very well behaved. Now, can I have a pint, please?" The bartender reluctantly hands him his beer.No sooner than the man begins drinking his beer, his monkey begins running willy-nilly all over the pub. He's really destructive, knocking over bottles, upsetting the other patrons, and pooping everywhere. The bartender manages to corner the monkey on the pool table, but before he can grab him, the monkey swallows the cue ball whole in one gulp. The bartender angrily brings the monkey back to the completely oblivious man, dumps it in his lap, and says, "Look here, you and your monkey have got to leave. This little bastard just swallowed the cue ball from our pool table." The guy says, "I'm terribly sorry, he's normally very well behaved. We'll leave".About a week later, he comes back, same monkey on his shoulder, sits down, and orders a beer.The bartender says, "I don't want that monkey in here. Last time, he wrecked the place."The guy says, "Please don't be concerned, I assure you he's very well disciplined, and will behave himself this time." The bartender reluctantly hands him his beer.No sooner than the man begins drinking it, the monkey walks down to the end of the bar, grabs a peanut out of a dish, and shoves it up his butt, pulls it back out, and then eats it.The bartender sees this, and is horrified. He says to the guy, "Hey! Your disgusting monkey just put a peanut up his butt, pulled it back out, and then ate it!"The guy replies, "Well, what do you expect? After that cue ball, he measures everything".
A black man walks into a bar. The bartender says "get out!"
A vampire walks into a bar He's asks the barman for a mug of hot water so the barman goes out back and fills it up. Before long the barman was back but did not hand the vampire the hot water but firstly asked "if you are a vampire shouldn't you drink blood?" The vampire then reached into his pocket and brought out a used tampon and says to the bartender "yes but I'm having tea"
A Cuban, a Canadian, and a White Supremacist walks into a bar The bartender asks "What'll you have Senator Cruz?"
A guy walks into a bar He has a frog on his shoulder, the bartender says Hey where'd ya get that?The frog says it started out as a wart on my ass.
A man walks into a bar He strips off naked and with his 2 inch schlong, started masturbating aggressively. A woman who the owner of the bar hated then came in and she got naked and the two proceeded to have sex with each other. The bartender called the owner, who came out and yelled:"YOU COME IN HERE AND THEN YOU DO **THAT**???"
A man walks into a bar. A man walks into a bar and takes a seat.The bartender looks up and shouts at him, "Hey, where the fuck are you going with my bar stool?!"
So a man walks into a bar A man walks into a bar after work, and starts his usual routine.  A few too many beers in the man starts to feel queesy, and a moment later throws up on his work shirt.  "Goddamnit! Not again. My wife is going to kill me!" "Whats the problem?" asks the bartender."My wife. She hates it when I go out drinking like this, and now she's going know how shit faced I am."  "Don't worry about it. You got a twenty on you?""Sure I do. Whys THAT matter?" "Just trust me, I see this all the time." The bartender takes the twenty and tucks it into the guys shirt pocket. "You'll be fine."The guy stumbles in the house hours later, and his wife is furious. She looks at his shirt and screams "Have you been out drinking all night again!?""No, no. That's not it. See this guy at the resteraunt was drinking to much, and he threw up all over my shirt. He felt so bad about it he gave me this twenty to have it dry cleaned." He reaches in his pocket and pulls out the money."You idiot, this is a fifty.""Yeah, well thats because he shit in my pants too!"  
A priest walks into a bar sits down and orders a 12 year old Single Malt Whisky. That will be $10 the bartender says.  $10?? The priest cries out, that's outrageous.  Where else could you get a nice 12 year old for $10? Asks the bartender.  The priest replies, Sunday School, for free
A man walks into a bar and takes a seat. The bowl of pretzels in front of him says "Well aren't you a handsome fellow!". Thinking he's hearing things, the man ignores it and orders a fine Pilsner beer. After he takes a sip, the pretzels goes again "Hm, Pilsner, a fine choice for a cutie like you". The man then looks at the bartender and asks "What the hell is with this bowl of pretzels?!" The bartender, not looking up, says "Oh them? Don't worry about it. The pretzels are complimentary"
A midget walks into a bar I guess it was set too low
A horse walks into a bar The bartender asks "Why the long face?" The horse replies "My alcoholism is tearing my family apart"
A joke walks into a bar So the bartender says "Can I help you?"And the Joke says "Nah I'm good I'm just waiting for a couple Jews"
A bear walks into a bar And says to the barman: "Give me a gin..."..."And tonic."The barman, curious, asks while preparing the drink: "Hey mate, why the big pause?"To what the bear replies "I don't know... I guess my father had them too".
A koala walks into a barber shop and hops up into the chair.  He points to the excess fur that has grown around his ears and asks the barber, "Can eucalyptus?"  
A horse walks into a bar And the bar tender ask: "Why the long face?"
Man walks into a bar ...with a piece of tarmac under his arm, says to the barman 'give us a pint and one for the road...'
A blind man walks into a bar ...and a chair, and a table, and a lamp...
A Canadian walks into a bar and says, "Soo-ree." Haha
A horse walks into a bar The bartender asks, "Why the long face?"The horse replies, "My alcoholism is destroying my family."
A guy walks into a bar It's a really neat bar, clean, good music, but empty. Only the bartender is standing behind the counter.So the man sits at the bar, orders a beer, and asks:"Hey that's a really cool bar you got there, how come it's all empty?"Bartender replies:You see those tables? I made them. I cut the wood, shaped it, fixed it. You think people on the streets are saying "hey, that's Sam's bar, he made his tables himself"?No. They don't say that.You see that barstool you're sitting on? I made it. I cut the wood, shaped it, fixed it. You think people on the street are saying "hey, that's sam's bar, he's so perfectionist he made his stools himself"? No. They don't say that....But you f*ck a goat just ONCE...!
A man named Fox walks into a bar ... and orders a drink.  He has a very interesting conversation with the bartender for an hour or so, before getting angry at the bartender's opinion on certain issues.  It starts getting late and the man is getting belligerent.  The bartender is thinking about kicking him out, but he has been buying the most expensive drinks all night, so he is reluctant. Later, a woman with the name of M. N. walks in with a friend.  M. N. Goes to the bathroom and her friend walks over to order a drink.  At this time, Fox flags down the bartender to pay for his tab.  The bartender signals to wait a bit, but being on his own time, the man marches over to the bartender, disgruntled about having to wait.  He gets ready to unload his built up anger on the bartender. But seeing the mans face tighten as he accelerates towards him, the bartender calmly says, "Can't you see I'm talking to someone?"The man screams "I don't see anyone!  Who the hell could you be talking to!?" The bartender looks confused for a second then replies, "She's M. N.'s friend, Climate Change."
A pineapple walks into a bar and orders a drink. The bartender looks up and says, "sorry we don't serve food here."
A man walks into a bar with a fake boob strapped to his chin He begins sucking the tit, and moaning.The bartender,  and patrons stare in awe.The mans fake boob's tit appears to bleed.Turns out he just fat and had a zit.And so everyone carrys on.
So a Jew, a blonde, and a Narcissistic billionaire walks into a bar Then the bartender says: These presidental elections are starting to seem like a joke.
Bernie Sanders walks into a bar. The bartender looks over and says "Mr. Sanders! Drinks on me. I really hope you win. Imagine another Clinton in the White House? It would be a circus!"Bernie replies "Bill didn't run a circus, he ran affaire!"
Cowboy walks into a bar. A cowboy walks into a bar. He's wearing brown paper shirt, a brown paper vest, brown paper pants and a brown paper hat. "Gimme 5 shots of tequila", he demands. "You must be celebrating" the bartender said as he set up the shots. "yep, I just got out of prison", said the cowboy. "What were you in for"?, asked the bartender. The cowboy replied, "rustling".
A grasshopper walks into a bar The bartender says to the grasshopper "You know, we have a drink named after you."To which the grasshopper responds "You have a drink named Pete?"
A guy walks into a bar and half his head is an orange. Barman: What can i get.. oh my god half your head is an orange!! How did that happen??Guy: Magic Lamp, rubbed it, three wishes etc etc.Barman: What in the bejesus were your three wishes, half your head is an orange.Guy: First Wish - I wished for every woman in the world to love me.Barman: Right, that is ok. What was your second wish?Guy: Second Wish - I wished that I was a billionaire.Barman: What in the hell was your third wish half your head is a frickin orange?Guy: It was a silly wish. I dont wanna say...Barman: Go on tell me, I'll give you a drink.Guy: Ok well for my third wish I wished that half my head was an orange.
A piece of string walks into a bar and orders a drink Bartender says, we don't serve your kind around here. So the string leaves and his friend follows him out and says "you need a disguise!" So he frazzles and frays the end of the string, puts some glasses on him, and ties him together so he doesn't look so stringy.The string, happy with his new disguise, walks back into the bar and order a drink. Bartender says "Don't I know you?"To which the string responds "I'm a frayed knot!"
A black man walks into a bar sideways The bartender says, "Hey Tyrone why are you doing that?"  Tyrone replies "Affirmative action"LOL
A Roman walks into a bar and says "Hey Niko! It's your cousin Roman, let's go bowling."
Kanye West walks into a bar. But he is as broke as this joke so he goes thirsty.
A guy walks into a bar and sees a dog lying in the corner licking his balls. He turns to the bartender and says, "Boy, I wish I could do that." The Bartender replies, "You'd better try petting him first."
A white girl walks into a bar She passes it with flying colors and becomes a top lawyer
A man walks into a bar And in the bar, everyone has facial hair. The man walks up to the counter and says, "Beer please." the bartender hands him a beer. "No, beer please." "You have a beer." the barman replies. This is the punchline:"No, I said BEARD please!"
A Roman walks into a bar, holds up two fingers, and says "Five beers, please"
A man from the secret service walks into a bar. He immediately buys a girl a drink and starts chatting to her. They hit it off, and she excuses herself to go to the bathroom.The secret service agent turns to the bartender and says..."I'm tapping that."
A guy with a cleft lip walks into a bar. He asks the bartender,''eckpshkoosh me spshir, may I have a drink?''To which the barkeep replies in a similar manner,''Why spshertainly, what would you like?''A little off put, our friend orders a beer and sits at the end of the bar as another customer walks in, and with perfect articulation asks,''Excuse me barkeep, may I have a shot?''''Why certainly, my good sir!'', the barkeep replies flawlessly.Furious, the cleft lipped man approaches the barkeep and says,''Shleeriospshly, are you tryna make phlphun me or shumtin?''And the barkeep with a big goofy grin retorts,"Phluck no, I wash makin phlphun o' him!''
A guy walks into a bar a guy walks into a bar, he asks the bartender "hey can I have some H2O?" so the bartender gave him some H2O. Another guy was beside him and asked "hey can I have some H2O too?", the second guy drank his drink then he died.
A guy walks into a bar. He asks the bartender, "Do you have any helicopter flavored potato chips?" The bartender shakes his head and says, "No, we only have plain."
A blind man walks into a bar, taps the man next him and says, "Hey, wanna hear a blond joke?"The man said to the blind man, "Look buddy, I'm blond. The man behind me is a 400-pound professional wrestler, and he's blond. The bouncer is blond. The man sitting over to your left is also blond. Still wanna tell that blond joke?"The blind man was silent for a moment and then said, "Nah, I wouldn't want to have to explain it five times."Tweet Shar
A PlentyOfFish employee walks into a bar. He goes up to the bartender and asks for the manager. The manager comes down and the PlentyOfFish employee asks, "Can we set up a singles night here in your bar?"The manager replies, "Sorry, we don't do karaoke nights here."
A hamburger walks into a bar and orders a beer. Bartender says,"Sorry, we don't serve food here."
A pirate walks into a bar with a ships wheel between his legs The barkeep asks if he knows he has a wheel there..He replies, "Yarr, it be driving me nuts!"
So This Horse Walks Into A Bar The bartender says ... " GET OUT OF MY BAR HORSE!  THIS AINT NO HORSEY BAR!  THIS IS A PEOPLE BAR!  The horse just stands there and neighs.  The horse doesn't understand English and the bartender is a weak looking old man.
A chemist walks into a bar He says to the bartender, "Tonight all drinks are on me!"The bartender says to him, "you must've had a good day today, what happened?""I finally found a way to make a stable molecule from a barium atom, two sodium atoms, and a sulfur atom!" the chemist proudly replies."Wow," says the bartender, "that's BaNaNaS!"
A blind guy walks into a bar. and a table...and a stool...and a door
A man walks into a bar that has a no refunds policy with two idiot friends. The man is allergic to alcoholic drinks and he's about to place his order when the first friend shouts, "Vod! Vod! Vod!""Vod?" The man questions.Then his other friend who's name is Robert Kerr is dancing around and accidentally knocks into the man.The man, angered shouts, "Kerr!!!"The bartender then says, "Here's your vodka, no refunds."
A string walks into a bar. He goes to sit at the bar and the bartender walks over. The bartender says, "Hey we don't serve you're kind here you're gonna have to leave."The string refuses to leave so this angers the bartender."Hey buddy you better leave now or I'm gonna get security." "I'm not going anywhere." The string continues to stand his ground and he starts getting defensive and violent. Security comes over and the string starts shoving them. The security guards drag him out the back and start beating the string. The guards decide he's had enough and walk back inside leaving the string all dusty and torn in the back alley. After 30 minutes of sitting there in pain the string gets up, dusts himself off and walks back in the bar. The bartender sees the string at the door."Hey we don't serve you're kind here. Wait a minute. Aren't you that same string from before?""I'm a frayed knot."
A Korean walks into a bar and orders a drink The bartender looks him over and says, "Aren't you a Lee Ul-Yung to be drinking?"
A Neutron walks into a bar The bartender asks, "What will it be." The neutron said "Manhattan." He finished his drink and asked, "What is the charge?" The bartender replied, "For you, no charge." 
A horse walks into a bar The bartender says "Is this some kind of joke?".
A penis walks into a bar. He goes up to the bartender and says, "A vodka with Coke please."The bartender exclaims, "Bloody hell! A talking penis!"
A guy walks into a bar. He orders a drink, and notices a woman, softly crying to herself at the end of the bar. He asks her what's wrong, and she tells him that her husband has just left her."This is going to sound crazy," he replies, "but my wife just left me as well. Do you mind if I as why she left you?"She tells him that her husband left her because she's just too kinky in bed, and he just can't handle it."That's amazing!" he responds. "You're not going to believe this, but my wife left me for exactly the same reason!"Obviously, these two hit it off, and they end up back at her place. She tells the man to strip naked while she "slips into something a little more uncomfortable." She goes into the bedroom and puts on her sluttiest leather bondage gear, she selects her fiercest whip, a pair of handcuffs, a few miscellaneous plugs and dildos, and heads back into the living room. She finds the man putting on his hat and coat, as if getting ready to leave."Wait a minute," she asks, puzzled. "I thought we were going to have some balls deep kinky sex?""Well," he replies, "I just fucked your cat and took a shit in your purse...I'm pretty much good."
WALKS INTO A BAR MONKEY EATS EVERYTHING A guy walks into a bar with his pet monkey. He orders a drink, and while he's drinking, the monkey jumps all over the place, eating everything behind the bar. Then the monkey jumps on to the pool table and swallows a billiard ball.The bartender screams at the guy, "Your monkey just ate the cue ball off my pool table -- whole!""Sorry," replied the guy. "He eats everything in sight, the little bastard. I'll pay for everything."The man finishes his drink, pays and leaves.Two weeks later, he's in the bar with his pet monkey, again. He orders a drink, and the monkey starts running around the bar. The monkey finds a maraschino cherry on the bar. He grabs it, sticks it up his ass, pulls it out and eats it.The bartender is disgusted. "Did you see what your monkey did now?" he asks."Yeah," replies the guy. "He still eats everything in sight, but ever since he swallowed that cue ball, he measures stuff first."
A grasshopper walks into a bar. And the bar staff said to the grasshopper " theres a drink named after you "The Grasshopper replied " theres a drink called bob?! "
A fat man walks into a bar. He walks up to the bartender and says, "One whiskey please madam.""Excuse me?" The bartneder responds."I said one whiskey please madam.""Madam?""Oh I do apologise!" said the man red faced, "It's the sound I make when my chin flab crashes into my face. Happens every time I speak, madam."
A man walks into a bar Late one Saturday night a man walks into a bar and goes up to the bartender and says"I got a wager for you""what would that be?" the bartender replies"I'll bet you $500 that I can bite my own eye" the man says plainly."Fine, you got yourself a deal" the bartender agreed.The man pops out his glass eye and proceeds to bite it."That'll be $500" the man said with a grin.Upset the bartender pulls out $500 and hands it to the man. Looking at the bartender he says"Look, how about this, double or nothing. I'll bet you I can bite my other eye""The bartender looks the man over and thinks "well I'm already in the hole. I know he isn't blind so I might win this one""Deal" said the bartender.The man proceeds to pull out his dentures and bite his other eye. Completely depressed the bartender pulls out the rest of the money and hands it to the man."Look now, I don't wanna leave you high and dry" said the man. "Here, one last bet. I'll bet you all your money back that if you slide a shotglass down the bar I can piss in it and not miss a drop"With nothing left to lose the bartender agrees and takes a shotglass and slides it down the bar. Barely getting a drop in the man missing wildly and pisses everywhere."YES!!" the bartender said jumping up and down excitedly.Across the bar a man shouts "GODDAMMIT!!""What's his problem?" the bartender asked"Oh him?" the man replied "I bet him $5,000 I could piss all over the bar and make the bartender happy about it"
A repost walks into a bar Bartender says "shit, you again?!".
A blind walks into a bar He said "Aw!"
A repost walks into a bar ....Nah, nevermind. You've probably heard it before.
[NSFW] A guy walks into a bar (Warning, very long but VERY hilarious joke) It's my favorite one to tell. He asks the bartender for a rum and coke and the bartender gives him an apple.  The man is confused at first, but the bartender says "trust me, take a bite".  The man takes a bite and proclaims, "Oh my god, this tastes like rum!" The bartender responds, "Now turn it around and take another bite." The man does this and to his surprise, it tastes just like coke.  Bewildered, the man explains "This is amazing! This is now my favorite way to drink!"Another man walks into the bar and orders a gin and tonic.  Again, the bartender hands him an apple.  "What the fuck is this?" says the new man in the bar.  The first man ensures him by saying "Trust me, this bartender knows what he's doing."  Hesitantly, the man takes a bite of the apple.  "Wow! This tastes just like gin!"  The bartender tells him to turn it around and take a bite.  "Whoa! Tastes just like tonic!  This is amazing!"A third man walks into the bar.  Before he can even order a drink, the two other men sitting at the bar say, "Hey this bartender has an apple for anything" "Yea! He has one for every flavor!"  The third man responds, "Oh really? Any flavor?"  He turns to the bartender and says, "Give me an apple that tastes like pussy."  The men all laugh until the bartender takes out an apple and places it in front of him.  Everyone watches as the man picks up the apple, slowly raises it to him mouth, and takes a bite.  Immediately he spits it out and shouts "What the hell!  That tastes like shit!"  The bartender responds "Turn it around".
A guy walks into a bar He said "ouch."
A man walks into a bar with a Labrador and takes a seat. The bartender says, "You can't bring that dog in here!" The man doesn't miss a beat and replies, "Excuse me, this is my seeing eye dog." The bartender apologises profusely and says, "Here, the first one's on me."The man walks over and takes a seat near the door. Soon, another man walks in with a chihuahua. The first man says, "You can't bring that dog in here unless you tell him it's a seeing-eye dog." The second man thanks him and heads over to the bar.The bartender says "You can't bring that dog in here!" The second man says, "It's my seeing eye dog." The bartender scowls and says, "I do not believe they give chihuahuas as seeing-eye dogs." And the second man says, "They gave me a chihuahua?!?!?"
A monkey walks into a bar ...and asks the bartender:- Do you have bananas?- No.- Do you have bananas?- I said, no.- Do you have bananas?- No, are you deaf or what? If you ask me one more time if I have bananas, I'll NAIL your tongue at the counter!- ... Do you have nails?- No.- Do you have bananas?
So a blind man walks into a bar The bar was not injured
A guy walks into a bar, He asks the bartender, "Do you have any grapes?" The bartender replies, "No." The guy leaves.The guy walks into the bar again the next day and asks the bartender, "Do you have any grapes?" The bartender replies again and says, "No we don't, i told you that yesterday". The guy leaves.The guy walks into the bar yet again and asks the bartender, "Do you have any grapes?" The bartender replies angrily, "I already told you no! If you ask me that one more time, i'm gonna take a nail and a hammer and nail you to the wall!" The guy says, "Jesus, ok, sorry, i get it." The guy leaves.The guy walks into the bar the next day and asks the bartender, "You got a nail?"The bartender replies, "No"The guy asks, "You got a hammer?"The bartender replies, "No"The guy says, "You got any grapes?"
A rope walks into a bar He asks for a drink. The bartender replies "We don't serve ropes here." The rope leaves. A while later, the rope walks back into the bar and tries to order a drink. The bartender turns the rope away saying the same thing. The rope walks out of the bar, gets himself all twisted up because he's so mad, and he ruffles the top end of his head, completing this disheveled look.The rope then turns around with new confidence, and lumbers back into the bar. The rope asks again for a drink. The bartender says "Aren't you that rope that was just in here? I said we don't serve ropes here!"The rope smugly replies...."Nope! I'm a frayed knot!"
Jeffrey Tambor walks into a bar and spots Stephen Tobolowsky He says, "Have I seen you somewhere before?"
A termite walks into a bar and asks ... Where's the bar tender? 
Dude walks into a bar ...and drops dead from oxygen deprivation. It's a Mars bar.
Man walks into a bar He goes up to the bartender and tells him he would like to have 7 beers lined up right in front of him. As the bartender is drawing his beers, he asks him, "So, it seems you might be celebrating something. What might it be, if you don't mind me asking?" Man tells him that he is celebrating his very first blow job. The bartender tells him "That's great, congratulations!" The man tells him "You don't understand, I'm trying to get the taste out of my mouth."
A Giraffe walks into a bar .... He looks at everyone and says: "High Balls on me!"
Argon walks into a bar The bartender looks up and says, "I'm sorry, we don't serve noble gases here."Argon doesn't react because reacting has been copyrighted by The Fine Bros since 2016.
a man walks into a bar everyone notices his hands are really weird. He keeps them rigid and unmoved, very close to his chest, with his fingers equally rigid and spread out and curled up in various directions. He clearly has a disability of some kind.So he goes up to the counter and asks the bartender for an espresso. After receiving it he asks the bartender:"sorry again, mate, but can you please...uhm...you know...put some sugar in it for me?"as he says this he looks down at his hands. The bartender immediately realizes he can't do it himself, and says "oh, of course sir." and puts some sugar into it.The man asks him again "uhm, really sorry to bother you once more bartender, but can you please help me sip it?"The bartender feels a little uncomfortable, but out of the goodness of his heart helps the poor disabled man drink the espresso.Shortly after, the man needs to use the restroom. He asks the person next to him:"Sir, I'm sorry to ask, but I really need someone to help me use the restroom. You know... I can't do it myself."The person next to him obviously finds it weird and uncomfortable, but as a good citizen decides to help the guy.So after helping him fish out the sausage and do his business, they exit the bathroom and the disabled man exits the bar. Everyone watches him walk out, thinking to themselves what a poor guy he must be with such a problem in his life. When he's outside he stops for a second, looks up at the morning sun, stretches his arms very widely and says loudly and with relief:"Aaahhhh, today I don't feel like doing shit."
A squirrel walks into a bar high on shrooms. ...He looks at everybody and shouts: "YOU'RE ALL FUCKING NUTS!"
WALKS INTO A BAR BEER BROTHERS A man walks into a bar and orders three beers.The bartender brings him the three beers, and the man proceeds to alternately sip one, then the other, then the third, until they're gone.He then orders three more and the bartender says, "Sir, I know you like them cold, so you can start with one, and I'll bring you a fresh one as soon as you're low."The man says, "You don't understand. I have two brothers, one in Australia and one in the Ireland. We made a vow to each other that every Saturday night, we'd still drink together. So right now, my brothers have three beers, too, and we're drinking together."The bartender thinks it's a wonderful tradition, and every week he sets up the guy's three beers. Then one week, the man comes in and orders only two. He drinks them and then orders two more. The bartender says sadly, "Knowing your tradition, I'd just like to just say that I'm sorry you've lost a brother."The man replies, "Oh, my brothers are fine -- I just quit drinking."
A man walks into a bar holding a piece of asphalt. The man says, "A beer please, and one for the road!"
A table walks into a bar and says Drinks are on me!
Hillary Clinton walks into a bar. Bartender: What'll it be, Secretary Clinton?Hillary: Let me see what polls best among my focus groups.
A reddit mod walks into a bar [removed]
A Muslim walks into a bar An allahu ak-bar.
A young man walks into a bar Sits down, and orders five shots of tequila. The bartender says, 'that's a lot of booze. Are you celebrating something?'The young man replies, 'My first blowjob.''Well then,' says the bartender, 'the sixth is on me!'The young man sighs, 'No thanks. If five doesn't get the taste out of my mouth, nothing will.'
Guy walks into a bar A guy walks into a bar and immediately notices a beautiful young lady sitting at the bar by herself. After a couple of drinks, he decides to go over and make small talk."Hi, what's your name?" he asks."Carmen," she replies."That's a nice name," he says. "Did your mother or father name you that?""Neither," she says. "I changed my name when I was 18 from Sharon to Carmen.""Why did you do that?" he asks."Well," she explains, "I like men and I like cars, so I picked the name Carmen. What's your name?""Beertits."
A black guy with a parrot on his shoulder walks into a bar The bartender asks, "Where'd ya get it?"The parrot says, "Africa."(I don't know if you know this one, but I just heard it today)
So a blind man walks into a bar.. The blind man sits down, thinking he'd break the ice with the bartender by asking "Wanna hear a blond joke?"In a hushed voice, a man beside him says "Before you tell that joke, you should know our bartender IS blonde, or bouncer is blond, I'm a 6'4" black belt, the man sitting on the other side of me is 6'2, 250lbs, and a rugby player. The guy sitting next to you is pushing 300, 6'6, and he's a wrestler. We're ALL blond. So you think about it mister, do you really wanna tell that joke?"The blind man sat for a second, thinking over the odds and then replied "No, not if I have to explain it five times."
An Indian lady walks into a bar for the first time and sat infront of the bartender. There were two men sitting beside her. One on her left and one on her right. The man on the right said to the bartender: "Jack Daniels, single." The man on the left said to the bartender: "Johnnie Walker, single." Then the bartender looked the the lady and said: "And you??" The lady replied: "Aakaanksha Kapoor, married!" 
A blind man walks into a bar ... and a chair, and a table.
A termite walks into a bar and asks Is the bartender here?
A man walks into a bar and sees Trump and Cruz talking He asks them what they are talking about. Cruz says that they are planning World War 3. Trump explains the plan, which is killing 140 million Muslims and a porn star. The man asks, "Why the porn star?". Then Trump says to Cruz, "See, I told you nobody cares about 140 million Muslims!"
A reddit mod walks into a bar She promptly kicks everyone out, locks the doors and, declaring herself to be the bartender, proceeds to get drunk with power.
A guy walks into a bar with three ducks in a shopping bag. He sits down and proceeds to take each of the three ducks out of the bag and stand them on the bartop. Then he goes to the restroom. The bartender sees this, and knowing he should mind his own business, can't help but introduce himself. The gets down to eye level with the first duck and says, "Hello there, little duck. What's your name?"^("The name's Huey.")"Pleased to meet you, Huey. How's your day?"^("Pretty good. We went to the park and we've been in and out of puddles all day.")"Oh, that's nice," says the bartender. He moves to the second duck and says, "And what's your name, little guy?"^("The name's Dewey.")"Well hello, Dewey. How's your day been?"^("Fine, just fine. Went to the park. Been in and out of puddles all day.") "Well that sounds like great fun." The bartender looks to the last duck. "Let me guess. Your name is Louie, right?"The third duck looks up and says, ^("No, dammit. The name's Puddles and I'm in no mood to talk about my day alright?!")
Walks into a bar: Funny Jokes A neutron walks into a bar and orders a drink. When the neutron gets his drink, he asks, "Bartender, how much do I owe you?"The bartender replies, "For you, neutron, no charge." 
A man walks into a bar While his wife sits at home crying, because his crippling alcoholism is destroying their marriage.Happy Wednesday...
A termite walks into a bar And asks, "Is the bartender here?".
A pirate walks into a bar with a steering wheel attached to his crotch.  The bartender looks at the steering wheel and asks, "Doesn't that bother you?"  The pirate responds, "Yar it's driving me nuts."
Jesus walks into a bar and orders a water. Bartender says "Not this shit again Jesus."
A man walks into a bar with a piece of asphalt. He says to the bartender "one for me and one for the road".
A woman walks into a bar and asks the bar tender for a double entendre So he gives it to her.
A blonde walks into a bar that has a sign marked: "For Men Only". "I'm sorry, ma'am," says the bartender. "We only serve men in this place." "That's OK, " says the blonde. "I'll take two of them..." 
A guy walks into a bar "Ouch"
A crossfitter walks into a bar his friends find him and say WOD happened?
A pirate walks into a bar with a steering wheel down his pants The bartender says, "Are you aware there is a steering wheel in your pants?"Which the pirate replies, "Err, and it's driving me nuts!"EDIT to fix layout and to say kind of NSFW
A blind man walks into a bar And a table, and a chair....
Jim walks into a bar that is situated on the 10th story of a building. Before he has a chance to order, he sees he man next to him take a swig of vodka before jumping out of the window. The man then enters the bar completely fine, takes another swig, and jumps out the window before re-entering the bar. Jim asks the man,"How did you do that?" The man replies,"It's the vodka. It has a chemical in it that gives buoyancy so you just float above the ground!" Jim tries the vodka, jumps out the window, and SPLAT, he's dead. The bartender says,"Superman, you're a  real arsehole when you're drunk."
A guy walks into a bar and grabs a peanut A guy walks into a bar, grabs a peanut,  licks the salt off and puts it back on the serving plate.  To which the peanut replies: "Sir,  I'm unsalted by your actions..." 
Celine Dion walks into a bar and the bar tender says "Why the long face?" To which she replies "My husband and brother just died."
So a pirate walks into a bar ...with a steering wheel attached to his groin. The bartender asks, "What the hell is that?" To which the pirate responds, "Yeaaaar, I don't know but it's drivin me nuts."
A corpse walks into a bar And asks the bartender for a lemonade. "Of course!" says the bartender, "I've never seen a stiff drink!"Courtesy of the video game Fable 3. 
An angry cell walks into a bar Smoking a cigarette the cell orders a drink. When the barman turns around the cells were three. "Tumor!"
A guy walks into a bar and says "Ouch".
A man walks into a bar He gets drunk and stands on top of the table and screams "VIVA LA RESISTANCE!" the other drunkards start spouting random crap amongst themselves and start a riot.The next day the man wakes up and realizes his wallet is missing, he goes to the bar and sees tables fallen over, shards of glass on the floor and the bartender. He walks up to the bartender and asks "What happened last night?", the bartender says "You started speaking random gibberish about going against some bogus order". The man replied "Oh, I must've sounded really dumb". The bartender replies "Well you were definitely dumber than the guy who stole your wallet". 
A Golfer Walks into a Bar He just sits on that bar stool, ordering nothing.The bartender asks, "Why so sad?".The golfer says, "You know, I worked hard, saved some money to do the two things I like: golfing and boating.I even opened a boat rental store, but no one seems to want to come. I am in financial trouble."The bartender asks, "Maybe we can put an ad in the bar here. What is the name of your boat rental store?".The golfer replies, "A hole in one."
A keyboard walks into a bar He orders a round of drinks fir everyone. The bartender asks him how he will be paying for the drinks. The keyboard says "just put it on my tab."
A woman wearing nothing but a scarf walks into a bar The Bartender tells her "No ties!"The woman holds up her scarf and realizes the Bartenders mistake. She says "Oh, you must be mistaken, this isn't a tie, it's a scarf!"The bartender responds "For god's sake I *know* that it's a scarf. Your scarf isn't the problem, it's your penis!"Unfortunately it doesn't work too well when it's not said outloud.
So, a man walks into a bar with a monkey. I forgot the rest of the joke but your mothers a whore.
A robot walks into a bar, orders a drink, and lays down some cash. Bartender says, "Hey, we don't serve robots."And the robot says, "Oh, but someday you will."
Kim Jong Un walks into a bar [removed]
A horse walks into a bar. The bar-man asks "Why the long face?". The horse not knowing English, shits itself and walks out the bar.
A woman walks into a bar. Realised too many man walk into a bar...
A man walks into a bar "Hey bartender! I bet you 50 bucks I can spit on my own eye!" It being a slow night, the bartender accepts the bet. The man then immediately pulls out his glass eye and hocks a loogie on it. "Bullshit!" Yells the bartender. "I'm not paying you jack for that!"Without skipping a beat the man offers another bet. "Double or nothing if I can touch your ceiling without jumping."The bartender sizes him up, and figures there's no way he could achieve that. "Fine. Go ahead."The man then unscrews his prosthetic hand and pitches it towards the ceiling. "Bullshit, bullshit, bullshit!" Screams the bartender. "Get the hell outta my bar!" The man calmly screws his hand back on and offers one final wager. "Okay, there's no way for me to cheat you on this one. I bet you 200 bucks that I can piss in your smallest shot glass without spilling a drop on your bar."The bartender thinks it over. "Alright. You better not have a mechanical dick or nothing." The bartender slams down the narrowest shot glass he has. A crowd of onlookers begins to form as the man jumps up on the bar and unzips his pants. Then, he begins pissing uncontrollably all over the bar and the patrons. Not a single drop makes it into the shot glass. The bartender is laughing uncontrollably as the man forks over the 200 bucks. The man sits down calmly like nothing happened, ignoring the looks of disgust and anger from the rest of the customers. The man orders a drink with a big grin on his face."You seem pretty happy for a guy that just lost 200 bucks!" The man looks at the bartender and points to the back of the bar. "You see that guy in the booth sobbing? I bet him 5000 bucks that I could pee all over your customers and make you laugh about it."   
A man walks into a Bar and ask the bartender for a whiskey on the rocks..Then another one.And another.Finally the bartender says "Sir, It's the third one and it's only 4 p.m. you're celebrating something ?""Yeah, my first blowjob""Oh.. That's important in a man's life ! Let me offer you the 4th one""I'm good thanks,  the taste is gone."
So a panda walks into a bar A panda walks into a bar one day and orders a sandwich. The server brings it over to him, and he eats it quietly. The panda then pulls out a gun, and shoots the server. The bartender stands up in shock and ask him just what the hell he thinks he's doing. The panda simply replies, "I'm a panda, dumbass, look it up". Then the panda gets up and exits the bar. So the bartender goes home, fires up his computer, and Googles 'panda'. He looks on Wikipedia and the description reads: Large black and white bear. Eats shoots and leaves. EDIT: ****shoots instead of chutes. I'm not that good at connotations
A woman walks into a bar. "OUCH!"
A guy walks into a bar  He sits down and over the course of a few hours, proceeds to get good and hammered.  He eventually asks the bartender,  "which way to the bathroom?""Second door on the right", comes the reply.The man, too drunk to count to two, proceeds one door too far and finds himself in a room with a magical golden toilet.  He proceeds to drop a deuce and a half, clean himself off, and calls it a night.He comes back again the next night and proceeds to get good and drunk again, deuce in the magical golden toilet, home.He comes back the third night, drunk, gets up for the bathroom only to find the magical golden toilet is no longer there.  He stumbles back to the bar to ask the bartender what happened to it."So you're the asshole that's been shitting in my tuba?"
A vampire walks into a bar.. He sits down and asks the bartender for a glass of hot waterThe bartender brings him the hot water and says "i thought you vampires only drank blood?"The vampire takes out a couple used tampons and dips them in the water and says "im having tea"
A man walks into a bar and sees a sign. It reads:-2$ hotdogs-5$ hamburgers-10$ hand jobsThe man looks at the bartender and sees she is really attractive. He calls the bartender over and he asks, "Excuse me mam, are you the one who gives the handjobs?" She replies, "yes I am big boy". He replies, "Good, go wash your fucking hands I want a hamburger."
A horse walks into a bar. The bartender asks, "Why the long face, Mr. Horse?"The horse does not respond because he is a fucking horse.
A guy walks into a bar So a guy walks into a bar.... Where does he go next?The hospital.Why does he go to the hospital?For Alcohol poisoning
A man walks into a bar ...and sees a jar stuffed with $20 bills. He asked the bartender what it was for, and the bartender said, "I have a horse out back. If you can make him laugh, you get the cash, but nobody has been able to do it yet." The man placed a 20 in the jar and went out back. Thirty seconds later he emerged with the sounds of the horse laughing in the background. The man grabbed the jar and left.A week later the man returned to see another jar stuffed with cash, so he asked why this one was here. The bartender said, "I don't know what you did, but my horse will not stop laughing. It's gotten to the point where he has nearly suffocated from laughing so hard. This jar goes to anyone who can make him stop." The man put a 20 in that jar and went out back. Seconds later all was quiet. The man grabbed the jar and started to leave when the bartender went, "Whoah whoah whoah. First you made my horse laugh so easily, and now you made him stop just as fast. What gives?" The man replied, "To make him laugh I told him my dick was bigger than his. To make him stop I showed him."
So Thor walks into a bar.. Thor falls to the ground and Loki laughs "that must have happened at least Thor hundred times this month"
A Fat Frog walks into a bar Walks up to the barman and the barman says, "hey, we've got a drink named after you". Fat Frog says "What?, You've got a drink called Steve?"
A bottle of ketchup walks into a bar. Moments before she had been whistling while she went along the sidewalk when, struck with a sudden liquid lurch of last nights leftovers, a quick crease in her casing bade her barrel blindly through the nearest door, which unfortunately cost her, being the local sausage bar.All the meats within turned toward the doorway and before they got a hold of their shock the bartender, a hot dog, stopped and asked her ‘What do you want?’, as that was not at all sort of spot she ought to have entered but whatever stood between clean jeans and spilling the beans  was what was needed so she squeezed and pleaded:'Mustard.'
A horse walks into a bar. The bartender asks the horse if it's an alcoholic considering all the bars he frequents, to which the horse replies "I don't think I am." POOF! The horse disappears.This is the point in time when all the philosophy students in the audience begin to giggle, as they are familiar with the philosophical proposition of Cogito ergo sum, or I think, therefore, I am.But to explain the concept aforehand would be putting Descartes before the horse.
A jewish person walks into a bar Mitzvah
A Roman walks into a bar He holds up two fingers and says "I'll have five beers".(Not mine)
A panda walks into a bar and says to the bartender "I'll have a Scotch and . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Coke thank you". "Sure thing" the bartender replies and asks "but what's with the big pause?" The panda holds up his hands and says "I was born with them"
A panda walks into a bar  and says to the bartender 'I'll have a Scotch and . . . . . . . . . . . . . Coke thank you'.'Sure thing' the bartender replies and asks, 'but whats with the big pause?'The panda holds up his hands and says 'I was born with them'.
A man walks into a bar with his dog . . . . . . and the bartender says "You can't bring a dog in here!"The man says "It's my seeing eye dog". The bartender apologizes profusely and gives the man his drink on the house. A second man enters the bar with his dog and the first man calls to him: "Pssst, buddy. You can't bring a dog in here unless you say it's your seeing eye dog". The second man thanks him for the tip, goes to the bar and orders a drink.The bartender says "You can't bring a dog in here!"The man says "It's my seeing eye dog".The bartender says "I don't think so, they don't give out Chihuahuas as seeing eye dogs".The man says "WHAT?!  They gave me a Chihuahua?"
A man walks into a bar with his dog . . . . . . and the bartender says "You can't bring a dog in here!"The man says "It's my seeing eye dog". The bartender apologizes profusely and gives the man his drink on the house. A second man enters the bar with his dog and the first man calls to him: "Pssst, buddy. You can't bring a dog in here unless you say it's your seeing eye dog". The second man thanks him for the tip, goes to the bar and orders a drink.The bartender says "You can't bring a dog in here!"The man says "It's my seeing eye dog".The bartender says "I don't think so, they don't give out Chihuahuas as seeing eye dogs".The man says "WHAT?!  They gave me a Chihuahua?"
A bloke walks into a bar and orders 10 double whiskys and downs them in one. Barman: "What's up?"Bloke: "My youngest son just told me he's gay".Then he orders 15 double whiskys.Barman: "What's up now?"Bloke: "Just found out my oldest son is gay!"The next day he goes in and orders 20 double whiskeys.Barman: "Fuck me! Does no one in your family like pussy?"Bloke: "Yes - my wife!"
A man walks into a bar and spies two lovely women sitting by the entrance As he walks towards the bar, he sees one tap the other shoulder and point at him. She looks him up and down and says "9", followed by giggling. The man goes over to his buddy and boasts that the two lovely ladies by the entrance had said he was a 9. "Yeah, sorry man, but when I walked in they were speaking German."
A pony walks into a bar. "I'll have a beer" says the pony, in a raspy voice."Come again?" Says the bartender."I'll have a beer" says the pony, in a raspy voice, yet again."I can't understand you, your voice is too raspy" says the bartender.The pony says "Sorry, I am a little horse."
A beer walks into a bar And gets drunk:D
A bear walks into a bar and says to the bartender, "I'll have a pint of beer and a.......... packet of peanuts."The bartender asks, "Why the big pause?"
A drunk man walks into a bar ... and a table... and a chair...
A sandwich walks into a bar. Thebarman says: “Sorry, we don’tserve food in here.”
A bear walks into a bar. The bartender asks whata ya have there big fella?  The bear says "  Give me a .........................................................beer."  The bartender says" What's with the big pause?"  The bear throws his arms up in the air and says " I DON'T KNOW I WAS BORN WITH THEM."
Donald Trump walks into a bar ...Where he found a group of Mexicans playing pool. The Mexicans see him and walk up to him with pool cues in hand. One Mexican says "when were done with you, you'll never make fun of another Mexican again". Trump looks at them with a confused look on his face and says, "if your gonna try and build a wall with those cues, everyone will make fun of you".
Donald Trump walks into a bar * Where he found a group of Mexicans playing pool. The Mexicans see him and walk up to him with pool cues in hand. One Mexican says "when were done with you, you'll never make fun of another Mexican again". Trump looks at them with a confused look on his face and says, "if your gonna try and build a wall with those cues, everyone will make fun of you".
A midget walks into a bar So a midget walks into a bar. He climbs up on the barstool and calls the bartender over. "Can I get a glass of scotch, neat?""Sure thing" says the bartenderAfter finishing about half of his drink he goes to the bathroom to take a piss.10 minutes go by and he doesn't come out.20 minutes and still nothingAfter 30 minutes the bartender pours out the midgets drink and cleans the bar.Then 45 minutes later the midget finally comes out of the bathroom. He asks the bartender what he did with his drink"Well I thought you left so i poured it out, where have you been?"The midget says embarrassed "well I went in the bathroom, and some guy put a gun to my head and said that I have to give him a 45 minute blowjob or I'll put a bullet in your head"The bartender says shocked" well what happened"The midget looked reluctant at first"You didn't hear a gunshot did you?"
A betting man walks into a bar and he walks up to this beautiful girl, and says to her, "I bet you $500 I can stab this fork through my hand." She gives him a confused look, and agrees. He stabs the fork through his hand, and takes her $500. A few minutes later, he says "I bet you $250 I can stick this knife in my eye." She deems this to be impossible, and agrees. He proceeds to stick the knife in his eye, and take her $250. A few minutes later he says "Would you like to make another bet?" She's had enough at this point, and says "No way, I'm down $750 dollars, no more betting."He smiles and says "Okay, this time we'll only bet twenty five cents, I bet you I can have sex with you without taking your clothes off." After a long pause, she agrees. They go into a back room, he takes her clothes off, and has sex with her. She's ecstatic, and yells "Ha! You took my clothes off, you lost the bet!" He places a quarter on the table and leaves. 
So a vegan walks into a barbershop Barber: How would you like your hair cut?Vegan: I don't eat animal products.Barber: That's fine. What about the haircut?Vegan: Like, I literally just eat vegetables.
A pirate walks into a bar. He's got a steering wheel on his belt buckle.The bartender asks "What's with the steering wheel?"The pirate says "ARRGGHH! It's drivin' me nuts."
Jesus walks into a bar orders a glass of tap water.
A punchline walks into a bar. Hello, you have reached the punchline, leave a message after the tone. **beep**
A time traveler walks into a bar. The bartender says, “We don’t serve time travelers in here.”A time traveler walks into a bar.
A small club owner walks into a bar and notices a man playing a beautiful song on the piano. The song was so moving that it brought everyone in the bar, including the small club owner, to tears.He simply had to hire this man to play at his club. He approaches the pianist:"Sir, that was the most beautiful thing I've ever heard. I must ask, what was the name of that song?"The pianist replies, "Thank you! The name is, 'My Mom is a whore and my dad is a pimp.'"The small club owner responds: "What? Whatever, it's your song so you may name it as you please. Would you like to play at my bar tomorrow night? It pays well."The pianist ecstatically agreed to his offer.The next night comes around and he does as he did the night before except this time at the small club owners place. He plays the piano so gracefully that the entire room is visibly weeping from its elegance. The song attracts the attention of the owner of the largest club in the city and asks him, "My good sir, what is the name of that wondrous tune?" "Oh that old thing? It's called, 'I met My Wife at a Family Reunion.'"The big time club owner says, "Erm...alright...anyways, I would love it if you played at my club this coming weekend. The pay is 10 times what it is here."The pianist, once again, ecstatically agrees.Next weekend comes around and he plays at the renowned venue, moving everyone in attendance to gushing tears. He walks off the stage to use the restroom.As he walks out of the restroom one of the bouncers approaches him and says, "Sir, you do know, Your zippers undone and your dick is out?"The pianist responds, "Do I know it? My good man, I wrote it!"
A guy walks into a bar and approaches the super-sexy-hot bartender in the hopes of ordering a drink He is instantly smitten with her, and can't keep his eyes off of her heaving bosom.  She ignores him blatantly as he continues to drool in her direction.  Eventually, she walks over to him at the end of the bar, and asks what he would like to drink.  He says, "I'll take a pint of beer," to which she responds, "Why don't you take a pitcher?  It lasts longer."
Schrödinger's cat walks into a bar ...and he doesn't.
A blind man walks into a bar And a Table. And a Chair.
a feminist walks into a bar Long story short, she got raped.
A hippie walks into a bar and asks for a drink. The bartender insists he pays upfront. A guy nearby sees the hippie has no money so he pays for the hippies drink. After having a few drinks with the hippie the guy ask the hippie "hey come to the bathroom and give me a blowjob" the hippie starts beating the guy up. The hippies friends hold the hippie back and ask "what did the guy say that got you so mad ? The hippie responded He said something about a job...
A man walks into a bar ... and he sits down at the counter. The man next to him is taking shot after shot. Suddenly, the man next to him turns towards him, and says drunkenly, "I bet you $50 I can jump off the third floor of this building and not get hurt." The man quickly decides that this would be a good bet to take, as he would essentially be getting free beer for the rest of the night, so he agrees and follows the other man up the stairs. The drunken man lurches out the window, lands on the ground below... picks himself up and walks back into the bar. The first man is shocked, and decides to try it himself, since the other man made it look so easy! He jumps out the window, and lands on the ground with a resounding crash, breaking his leg in the process. As he crawls back through the entrance to the bar, he hears the bartender say, "You've really gotta stop fucking with people like that, Superman."
A mushroom walks into a bar  and the bartender says "We don't serve your kind here." and the mushroom says - "Why not? I'm a fungi.
So a termite walks into a bar And asks, hey, is the bartender?
A man walks into a bar. the bar is then raised to prevent anyone else from walking into it. 
A white male walks into a bar Huehuehuehuehue
A woman walks into a bar and asks the bartender for a double entendre, so he gave it to her.
A different Roman walks into a bar Hey cousin, want to go bowling?
A man walks into a bar and asks the bartender "Do you have any helicopter flavored chips?" The Bartender says "No, we only have plane"
Schrodinger's cat walks into a bar. And doesn't. 
A man walks into a bar with his dog and cat. Bartender asks, "What can I get you?"The dog looks squarely at the bartender and says, "I'll have a vodka, the man will have a water, and the cat will have a scotch."The bewildered bartender looks at the dog and says, "This is AMAZING! You're a talking dog..."The man looks at the bartender and says, "Don't be fooled, the cat is a ventriloquist."
A Roman walks into a bar Holds up two fingers and asks for five drinks.
AN egg walks into a bar An egg walks into a bar, along with pancakes, and bacon.  The bartender looks up and alertly says."Sorry guys, we don't serve breakfast"
A man walks into a bar with a gun. "Alright, who the fuck slept with my wife?"A voice from the back called out, "You don't have enough bullets, mate!"EDIT: Holy crap! My crosspost on /r/drunkjokes made it to the front page! I feel so famous!
A married man walks into a bar 
A Chinese guy walks into a bar and there's a black guy serving The Chinese guy says "Could I've a pint of lager please nigger?"The black guy, shocked, says "Excuse me???"The Chinese guys says "You heard me nigger now get me a pint of lager."The black guy says "Who do you think you are? Do you know how offensive that word you're using is?"The Chinese guy says "Yeah yeah whatever now get me the pint of lager nigger"The black guy is now furious "How about you come behind the bar, I'll be the customer and hurl racial abuse at you? See how you like it?"The Chinese guy says "Fine".So the Chinese guy goes behind the bar. The black guy walks outside then comes back in.The black guy says "Could I've a pint of lager please chink?"The Chinese guy says "Sorry we don't serve niggers in here." 
An untalented gymnast walks into a bar. 
a man walks into a bar he had a concussion and died
A man walks into a bar He asks the barman "do you serve women here?" The barman replies "no, sorry, you'll have to bring your own."
A dinosaur walks into a bar and says. #RRRRRRRRRRRRAAAAAAAAAWWWWWWRRRRRRRRRRRRR.
A screwdriver walks into a bar The bartender sees it and shouts out, "Hey! We have a drink named after you!"The screwdriver gets excited and says, "You have a drink named Larry?"
A black man with a parrot on his shoulder walks into a bar, and the impressed bartender asks: "Where'd you get that? " The parrot shrieks.... "*AFRICA!*"
A bear walks into a bar sits down and asks the bartender for a drink.  Bartender tells the bear "We don't serve any wild animals here!" The bear says back "Listen if you don't get me a drink I'll eat one of your patrons"Bartender tells the bear to go ahead and do it.So the bear walks to the end of the bar eats the crusty old woman in the corner.  The bear shouts "NOW CAN I HAVE A DRINK!" And the bartender snorts back "No, it'll kill you dummy.  That was a bar bitch you ate!"
An African man walks into a bar  . .goes up to the bar, and tells the barman "Great news! My wife just gave birth! the kid weighs 10ibs!""Wow that's incredible, 10 ibs? have a round on the house!"The next day the same African man comes into the bar again, and tells the barman the kid now weighs 5 ibs." . . .Wait", says the barman "How's that possible? Yesterday you said he weighed 10ibs""Oh, . .oh no that's before we circumcised him"
Comic Sans Serif walks into a bar. ... the bartender says: "Get out! We don't serve your type here! "
A man walks into a bar. A man walks into a bar the week after thanksgiving and seats himself in front of the bartender. Seeing that the man is clearly distraught the bar tender asks him "whats the matter with you?"."Well" the man begins "where to start?" He sighed and slouched on his stool continuing "last week I caught my wife sleeping with my sister, I caught my brother sleeping with my dog, walked in on my father sleeping with my mother and my kids sleeping with each other!"The bartender recoils "jesus, what did you do?" He asks.The man shrugged "Well I had no choice, I had to sleep on the couch."
A ghost walks into a bar and howls Sorry sir' the barmen replies."We don't serve spirits after eleven"
A duck walks into a bar and orders a rum and coke. After he finishes it he says, "I'm thinking about taking a vacation to the Bahamas. What do you think?" The bartender drops a glass and says, "You must be on quack."
A neutron walks into a bar and orders a drink. When the neutron gets his drink, he asks, "Bartender, how much do I owe you?"The bartender replies, "For you, neutron, no charge."
Michael J Fox walks into a bar The bartender says "Aw come on! It's not that cold out."
A giraffe walks into a bar and says, "The high balls are on me!"
A ham sandwich walks into a bar and orders a beer. Bartender says, ‘Sorry we don’t serve food here.
A man walks into a bar.. "ouch" 
A guy walks into a bar with a shotgun in one hand and a bucket of dog shit in the other. He says to the Barkeep “Give me a coffee.” Waiter says sure, “coming right up.” He gets a tall mug of coffee and drinks it down, picks up the bucket of dog shit, throws it in the air and blasts it with the shotgun. Then he just walks out. Next day the guy returns. He has his shotgun and another bucket of dog shit. He walks up to the counter and says. ” Give me a coffee.” The Barkeep says, “Whoa, buddy. We’re still cleaning up your mess from the last time you were here. What the heck was that all about anyway?” Fella gives a shit-eatin’ grin and says, “I’m training for an upper management position. Show up for work, drink coffee, shoot the shit, leave a mess for someone else to clean up, and then disappear for the rest of the day.
A hungover man walks into a bar and asks the bartender for a drink of anything other than Coors Light Bartender:  "What's wrong with Coors Light?  It is one of the most popular beers."    Man:  "Nothing wrong with it, but I drank 24 of them last night and I ended up blowing chunks."    Bartender:  "It happens to the best of us, if you drink 24 of any drink you'd probably end up blowing chunks."    Man:  "No, you don't understand... I didn't throw up, Chunks is my dog."
A cowboy walks into a bar and sits next to another cowboy buddy of his and asks himA: You see that other cowboy over there wearing the leather jacket ?B: Which one ? they`re all wearing leather jackets.A: The one with the big hat.B: They`re all wearing big hats, be more specific.A: The one with the big leather snake boots with 2 guns on the side of his belt !B: WE ALL WEAR THOSE, WE`RE GODDAMN COWBOYS !The cowboy gets mad, sits up and shoots and kills every cowboy in the bar except for one. A: THE ONE WHO`S STILL ALIVE AND BREATHING, THAT ONE !B: Yea ok I see him, what about him ?A: He`s my archenemy.
A man walks into a bar with a big smile " - Why are you smiling?"" - You know about those train tracks near my house? Well, yesterday I was walking home when I see a woman tied to the tracks; I swear it looked just like one of those old movies, you know? I went next to her, released her, and took her to my place; and then we had some hardcore, hot steamy sex. Missionary, reverse cowgirl, doggy style, you name it. I'm hurt all over." - That's awesome! Did she blow you too?"" - Nope, I couldn't find her head."
Helen Keller walks into a bar Then a table, then a stool...
A blind man walks into a bar And a chairAnd a table 
A man walks into a bar and says OUCH!
A snake walks into a bar And the bartender asks "How did you do that?"
A man walks into a bar and orders three drinks. The barman serves him and then watches as the man alternates between each drink until all three are empty."Why do you drink them in that fashion?" asks the barman.The man replies "I have two brothers, and they've both recently moved away. One is in Portugal, and the other is in Peru. But we've decided that we should still all drink together once a week, so right now my brothers are doing the exact same thing."The barman, thinking it a wonderful idea, happily prepares the three drinks week in week out.Then, one day, the man walks in, picks up two of the drinks, walks slowly to his table, and starts drinking.The barman instantly knows exactly what this means and approaches the man's table and says "I'm terribly sorry for your loss."The man replies "Don't worry, my brothers are fine. I just decided to quit drinking."
A man walks into a bar with an ostrich under one arm and a cat under the other.The man orders a pint for himself and one for the ostrich. The cat says "Don't think for a moment I'm paying for this!". The bartender looks puzzled but diligently pours two pints. The man downs his pint "That hit the spot". The ostrich dips his beak into his pint a drinks it all up. The man proceeds to order two more pints. The cat, becoming more irate, says "Look, I've told you once - don't expect me to pay for this!"The bartender is becoming a little concerned but pours away. Again, short work is made of both pints.The man orders a third round. The cat is now apoplectic "That's it pal - I AM NOT PAYING FOR YOUR DRINKS!"The bartender can't contain his concern now and asks "Hey chap, what's the deal? You come in here with an ostrich under one arm, a cat under the other, ordering drinks that your cat is clearly unwilling to pay for - what's going on?"The man replies "Well, it's a funny story - I was driving home after work and spotted a gorgeous young women pulled over onto the side of the road, struggling with the spare wheel. I stopped to help. When I'd changed the wheel, the young lady said she was a genie and could grant me one wish...""So, what you did you ask for?""A bird with long legs and tight pussy".
A koala walks into a bar A Koala walks into a bar, sits down and orders a sandwich and thebartender brings him a sandwich. The Koala eats the sandwich and gets up, spins around, pulls a pistol out of his pouch, shoots the piano player, an proceeds to walk out of the bar.The bartender, in shock, shouts to the Koala, "Hey, who do you thinkyou are? You ate my sandwich and shot my piano player, and just wheredo you think your going!The Koala replies, "Hey I'm a Koala. Look it up."The frustrated bartender pulls out a dictionary from behind the barand looks up Koala: "n. a marsupial that eats shoots and leaves."﻿
A dog walks into a bar. He says to the bartender "wolf! wolf!"...  The owner looks at the dog and poors a drink. the dog snarls and replies again "wolf! wolf!" The bar owner having had enough yelled "who let that mut in here?!" He then grabbed the dog by the collar and started to lead it out the door... Just then he received a sharp pain on the left side of his neck. Turning to confront the pain before his eyes. He ripped flesh from his neck as blood spewed and splattered forth. He fell to the ground and slammed his head against the floor. Half out, he looked up to see a blurry figure in the shadow of a beautiful full moon. The dog barked again "wolf! wolf!" To which a deep voice snarled "should have listened to the dog!"
A woman with a strong accent walks into a bar. Going in to order a drink, she asks for a beer.The bartender says "Anheizer Busch?"The woman says: "Good!  And how's your prick?"
A Man Walks Into A Bar The other one ducks
Guy walks into a bar ...and notices a horse over in the corner. The man asks the bartender what the horse is doing there."Oh. If you can make that horse laugh I'll give you $100."The man goes over to the horse and whispers something in his ear and the horse busts out laughing.In shock, but a man of his word, the bartender gives the man $100.A week later the same man comes into the bar. He didn't see the horse this time and asks the bartender where the horse was."He's behind the building now. Hey. Double or nothing, I bet you can't get him to cry!"The man accepts and goes outside to see the horse. The horse began to cry so loud that the bartender could hear him from inside the building!The man comes back in and before the bartender gives him the $100 he asks, "how the hell did you make him laugh and how the hell did you make him cry?""Oh. The first time I told him my dick was bigger than his and just now I proved it!"
Tory Spelling walks into a bar The barman asks, "Why the long face?"
A Roman legionary walks into a bar.. He starts complaining about his ex-girlfriends to the bartender. The bartender replies, astounded, "how do you even manage 10 girlfriends?"
A naked blonde walks into a bar with a poodle under one arm and a 6ft salami under the other. The Bartender says,"So, I don't suppose you'd be needing a drink?" The blonde says,"I definitely do, after what just happened to me." The bartender says,"I'm so sorry. what happened?" The blonde says,"well, my boyfriend and I were just about to make love when out of nowhere the crazy bastard says ' I'm gonna pound my favorite bitch with my giant sausage.' So I grabbed them both and got the hell out of there!"
A gay deer walks into a bar After a long night he comes stumbling out and says, "I can't believe I just blew 50 bucks in there" 
A guy walks into a bar Ouch
An egg walks into a bar. He walks up to a beautiful woman sitting at the bar and says, "Ma'am, will you please sit on my face?"The woman is disgusted and the bartender tells the egg to fuck off or he'll call the bouncer. The egg leaves in a hurry.The bartender sighs in commiseration with the woman. "It's amazing what those guys will say when they're trying to get laid."
A man walks into a bar I'm a titty
Clown walks into a bar . A clown walks into a bar with a monkey riding on a unicorn. Sits down at the bar and orders a drink. The bartender get the drink and says to the clown, I never saw a monkey riding a unicorn in my whole life. The  clown says let me tell you my story. I  found a brass lamp and started to clean it when a genie comes out. The genie say I'll grant you three wishes. Then I said you take me for a fool. I believe  you like I believe in unicorns and talking monkeys. Then the monkey says shut up and get me a drink.
A very tall and handsome man walks into a bar and suffers a mild concussion.
Henry David Thoreau walks into a bar. The bartender says: We don't serve your kind here!Thoreau replies: Walden.I'll see myself out.
A neutron walks into a bar and asks, "how much for a beer?" The bartender replies, "For you, no charge."
A pirate walks into a bar with a steering wheel by his waist. The bartender looks at him and say, "You have a steering in your waist." Pirate looks down and says, "Argh, thats whats been driving me nuts!"
A man walks into a bar and his name is JOHN CENAAAAAAAAAA!!!
A man walks into a bar He stays there my entire childhood
A man walks into a bar with an alligator's head. A man walks into a bar with the head of an alligator, he then plonked it on the stool, pulled out his dick an put it in the alligator's mouth. He then proceeds tk slam his hand down on the alligator. He then smiled and turned to the crowed and asked : " Anyone wanna try?  An old lady raised her hand and said " Just don't hit me that hard"
A pirate walks into a bar with a steering wheel around his waist Bartender says "Hey man, you have a steering wheel around your waist!?The Pirate replies "Yeah I know... It's drivin me nuts!".
A pirate walks into a bar with a steering wheel hanging from his crotch.Bartender says, "You know you have a steering wheel hanging from your crotch, right?"Pirate says, "Yaargh, it's driving me nuts."Courtesy of my coworker
A man walks into a bar and sees a horse in the corner with a large jar filled with $20 bills. (Really long read) The man asks the bartender "Hey, what's with the horse?"The barkeep replies, "That horse came in 2 days ago, challenging people to make him laugh. If they failed, they put a 20 in the jar. If they succeeded, they took the jar. As you can probably tell, nobody has done it."The man grins and walks over to the horse. The horse, watching him approach, opens the jar. The man whispers something into the horse's ear, and it immediately begins laughing so hard it nearly drives him to tears.The bartender simply looks baffled as the man walks out with a jar full of money. A week later, the horse is back, with three jars of money instead- and a fourth about half full. The man enters the bar, approaches the barkeep again, and the barkeep simply says, "Make him cry this time. Bastard pulled 60 dollars off me."The man grins even bigger than last time, walks over to the horse, and shows the horse something. Then the horse starts bawling his eyes out, and a very smug man walks to the bar to give the bartender $60 back.The barkeep finally bites, "Fuck man, what did you tell him?"The man smiles, and says, "To make him laugh, I told him I had a bigger dick. To make him cry, I proved it.:
Argon walks into a bar The bartender says "We don't serve your kind here."Argon doesn't react.
A blind man walks into a bar. And a table. And a chair.
A horse walks into a bar. The bartender says "Why the long face?" The horse says "I have AIDS."
An irishman walks into a bar and he sees 2 fine young ladies He approaches them and asks, "ye lassies look fine to me, whaddaya say we hit the bedroom?" One of the girl nervously replies, "i'm sorry, but we're lesbians".Then the irishman says "What the bloody ell does that mean?"The other girl replies "well, it means we like to have sex with women."The irishman looks up and shouts at the bartender, "3 beers for us lesbians."
Steven hawking walks into a bar 
A piece of string walks into a bar The bartender says,"Don't  you see the sign? We don't serve string here."The string goes out side, roughs him self up and ties him self in a ball and goes back inThe bartender says "I thought I told you to get out, you're string."The string says "Oh I'm a frayed knot."
A little alley street walks into a bar He sits down at the only chair and asks the bartender for a drink. "Umm uhhh sir? C-could I please have some.. uhh...  water?" The bartender gives him his cup of water and the little alley sips away happily. Then, your typical 2-way street walks in, sees the little alleyway in the only chair and politely asks him to move. "Mr. alley, you seem to be in my seat, could you please find somewhere else to drink your beverage?" The little alley squeaks, "Oh i'm so sorry Mr. Two-way street, I didn't ummm realize I was in your chair. Here you go." The little alley downs his water and scampers out of the bar. The two-way street orders some Pepsi and sits down to read his morning paper.Suddenly, a mean old 2-lane highway storms in, and yells "Out of my seat ya weenie." The street replied, "Sir, I'm trying to enjoy my refreshment and read the morni..." WHAM! The highway smacks the street on the head and the street decides he's going to be a pacifist today "I mean of course, it's your seat, my apologies." "Gimme some beer, not that pussy ass girly cola." The bartender pulls out the finest Miller Light he can find and passes it to the highway. All was peaceful until around 4PM when Interstate 95 runs in during rush hour "MOVE OUT OF THE WAY BITCH I'M IN A HURRY". "FUGGIN MAKE EM YA BASTARD" and the two hammer away at each other. The two go at it for a few minutes, but the highway could not keep up with the fury of hundreds of short-tempered drivers that had just been cut off. The interstate grabs the highway,"GET THE FUCK OUT OF MY ASS" and tosses him where the 2-way street was nursing his headwound. The interstate claims victory, finishes his beer and says "QUICK BARTENDER, GIMME SOME VODKA"  The interstate begins to down vodka by the handle. Halfway through the 3rd handle of vodka, the Autobahn walks in "Out of my way, you puny little piece of asphalt." The Autobahn grabs his gun and puts 6 rounds into the interstate. He sits down and tells the bartender, "I want the blood of my enemies mixed with your hardest rum on the rocks, shaken, not stirred." The bartender squeezes out some of the interstate's blood from an open gunshot wound and uses the bullets for ice. He mixes it with rum and serves it to the autobahn. But before the autobahn can pick up his drink, a little dirt bike trail walks in. The autobahn says "Ha, I suppose you're gonna make me move out of my chair?" The trail starts screaming and grabs the autobahn by his head and rips him limb from limb. With a guttural cry of victory the little bike trail runs out. At this point, the highway has recovered sufficiently to ask the street, "Gee what's his problem?"The street replies, "Oh him? He's a cycle path."
A priest, rapist, and pedophile walks into a bar ...and he orders a drink.
A man walks into a bar and orders a rum and coke Bartender: "Hold on" as he puts an apple on the barMan: "What's this?"Bartender: "Try it"Man: "It tastes like rum!"Bartender: "Turn it around."Man: "This side tastes like coke!"Another man walks into the bar and asks for a gin a tonic, and the bartender places another apple onto the barMan2: "What's this?"Man1: "Try it, just trust me."Man2: As he takes a bite "This tastes like gin!"Man1: "Now turn it around."Man2: "This side tastes like tonic!"A third man walks into the bar and the bartender asks him what he would like.Man3: "I don't know, what do you got?"Bartender: "Well we have apples that taste like all sorts of things."Man3: "You got one that tastes like pussy?"The bartender places an apple on the barMan3: As he bites into the apple "Ew! This tastes like shit!"Bartender, Man1, Man2: "Turn it around!"
A giraffe walks into a bar and says "Highballs are on me!"
A man walks into a bar Then he said ouch.
A roman walks into a bar. He holds up two fingers and says, "Five beers, please."
A man walks into a bar Ouch.
Schrodinger's cat walks into a bar. And doesn't.
A Roman walks into a bar and lifts two fingers He ordered 5 beers
a rothschild walks into a bar it was called the temple bar. i heard thats the only way to enter the city of london. which is not part of england nor the UK. its a sovereign piece of land which doesnt obbey any law whatsoever.
A black man walks into a bar with a parrot on his shoulder. "Cool, where'd you get that?" says the bartender. "Africa", replies the parrot. "They're all over the place."
A polar bear walks into a bar and finds a stool. The bartender asks him what he'd like, to which he replies, "I'll have a............. a beer please."The bartender, slightly confused by the hesitation asks, "why the large pause?"The polar bear responds, "I was **born** with them!!!"
A piece of string walks into a bar and sits at the counter. The bartender wanders over and says "I'm sorry, sir, but we don't serve pieces of string here, you'll have to leave" Dejected, the string leaves the bar and sits on the curb outside. He watches the door and sees a large fat man walk in, followed by an old hippie with long flowing hair. He thinks to himself "That's it! This isn't a string bar, it's a person bar! I just need to look more like a person!"So he twists about and ties himself into a hefty knot. Then he ruffles and tussles the ends of his yarns fraying the tips to look more like hair. Content with his new look he walks back into the bar and sits on a stool.The bartender comes back over and levels an eye at the string and asks him sternly "Are you that same piece of string I just had to throw out of here?""Nope. I'm a frayed knot"
A teenager walks into a bar. That'll teach the little shit to stop staring at his phone for once.
An SJW walks into a bar [Removed]
Guy walks into a bar and is in despair. He sits down and asks for 6 top shelf whiskey shots all lined up....The bartender pours them all out and the guy quickly shoots them one by one.He asks for 6 more and the bartender obliged.  As he's pouring the next 6 shots he gently asks the guy if he's ok.The man replies with an awkward demeanor - " yah....I'm ok... But you would be nervous too if you had what I had." The bartender asks the man curiously as he is finishing pouring the last round of shots....... "well... What do you have??" the man quickly finishes drinking the last of the second round of shots and replies..." fifty cents."
Yet another guys walks into a bar (dirty) A guy is in town for work and decides to go have a drink. He walks into a bar, sits down and notices this horribly ugly man sitting in the corner surrounded by all the best looking women in the place.  The guy is balding, over weight, wearing dirty clothes, and quite drunk.  He asks the bartender "what's up with that guy?" The bar tender says "I don't know, he comes in every night, just sits there licking his eyebrows" 
A man walks into a bar it's already full of bad jokes.
The M1 walks into a bar [Americans, the M1 is a big road]The M1 walked into a bar. He goes to the barman and says "Give me a pint". He gets his drink and starts angrily drinking. In walks the A9. The A9 tries to order a pint. The M1 begins shouting "OI, fuck off. Who do you think you are? I'm the M1, the biggest hardest road in the country, 6 lanes, 2 hard shoulders, I'm not drinking with a shitty A road like you. What do you have 4 lanes? Pathetic, fuck off". The A9 leaves the bar sheepishly.Next, in walks the B768, who walks up to the bar and tries to order a drink.The M1 kicks off again.. "who the fuck are you?! Two lanes? No hard shoulder? I'm not drinking with you, fuck off!"The B768 walks out sheepishly as the barman watches on worried.Next, in walks an unnamed road, single lane, dirt track. Hardly even a road at all.He walks to the bar, orders a drink, sits quietly and drinks up undisturbed.He eventually leaves. The barman says to the M1 "I thought you were the biggest hardest road in the country? What about that little weedy road? Why didn't you say anything to him?"The M1 says "Who him?! No chance. He's a fucking cycle path"
A physicist walks into a bar and orders two drinks, having one for himself and leaving the other one untouched at the stool beside him. The next day, the bartender notices that he does it again, and the day after, he does it a third time. When he does it a fourth time, the bartender finally asks him "why do you keep ordering two drinks but only having one?". In response, the physicist says "according to the laws of physics, there is a statistical chance that billions of atoms could align perfectly and form a beautiful woman sitting on the stool". The bartender then asks "why don't you just ask a woman to have a drink with you and see if she says yes?", to which the physicist replies "well what's the chance that that's actually going to happen?"
A horse walks into a bar The bartender says "why the long face?"
A pirate walks into a bar with a ship's wheel hanging from his crotch. Someone asks "what is that on you?" He responds, "Arrr, I've no idea, but it's drivin' me nuts!"
Schrödinger's cat walks into a bar and doesn't. That's it. That's the joke.
So a Doctor walks into a bar As he takes a seat at the bar, he looks up in confusion wondering why he can't locate the bartender and whether or not he should be concerned by the mouse perched behind the bar looking him dead in the eye. The mouse squeaks, "What'll you have, doc?" Taken aback and considering the possibility of hallucinations, the doctor responds, "Anything. Just make me a drink." So the mouse leaves and then returns with a drink. The doctor takes a sip, is promptly disgusted, and spits it all out. "Mouse, what is this drink?"The mouse responds, "It's a hickory daiquiri, Doc." 
A three-legged dog walks into a bar and says "I'm lookin' for the man who shot my Pa."
An Irishman walks into a bar and orders three shots of whiskey. The bartender asks him why he ordered three shots. "My life-long friends and I have a tradition. We grew up together but have since gone our separate ways. One is in England and one in the USA, but we each go into a bar on the same day every year and order three shots of whiskey. It's as if we are drinking them together."He then drinks the shots and leaves the bar. The next couple years, he returns and does the same. Then, one year the man returns but only orders two shots. He drinks them both. "I can't help but notice you only ordered two shots," the bartender said. "It appears you must have lost one of your friends. My condolences.""Oh no," the Irishman said. "Those chaps are doing fine. I just quit drinking, that's all."
A radio wave walks into a bar and asks for a pint. The barman says, "here you go, but why the long phase?"
An Asian man walks into a bar he walks up to the bar tender, who is Black, and says "Give me a drink n*****". The bar tender is very offended and says "you can't call me that, you're not Black. How would you like it if we switched places?" The Asian man retorted he wouldn't mind in the slightest, and proceeded to switch places. The bar tender promptly said "How 'bout a drink, chink?" The Asian man responded "We don't serve your kind here." 
A horse walks into a bar and the bartender says, "Why the long dick?"
A horse walks into a bar The bartender says: “It’s probably not a good idea that you’re in here. You’re a very large animal. Any sudden movements and you may injure somebody. I don’t even know, why you’re here. None of the glasses are ergonomically designed for you to drink from them. So, you should probably leave.”
A cute transgendered woman walks into a bar She says to the bartender, "Hey how's it going? Could I please have a glass of your best wine? I've had a really rough day. I just found out my boyfriend's been cheating on me and my parents just told me they aren't inviting me over for Thanksgiving this year due to my transition."The bartender leans in as close as he can and whispers, "Sorry, we only serve humans."
A blind man walks into a bar, taps the man next him and says, "Hey, wanna hear a blond joke?"The man said to the blind man, "Look buddy, I'm blond. The man behind me is a 400-pound professional wrestler, and he's blond. The bouncer is blond. The man sitting over to your left is also blond. Still wanna tell that blond joke?"The blind man was silent for a moment and then said, "Nah, I wouldn't want to have to explain it five times."
A screwdriver walks into a bar. The bartender says, "Hey, we have a drink named after you!"The screwdriver responds, "You have a drink named Murray?"
A farmer walks into a bar with a horse. He says, "I will give any of you $1,000 if you can make my horse laugh." A man yells, "I'll take that bet," and leads the horse into the men's room.After a couple seconds, a loud braying laugh is heard from behind the door. The farmer screams to the man, "OK, I'll give you $2,000 if you can make my horse cry."The man shouts, "You're on!"After a few more seconds, the man exits with the horse trudging behind him with tears streaming down his long-snout. Flabbergasted, the farmer asks, "How did you do it?"The man replies, "I said that my d**k was bigger than his and he laughed. Then I showed it to him."
A giraffe walks into a bar and says highballs are on me. 
so a man walks into a bar with his dog.. and the bartender says " sorry, you can't bring your dog in here, i don't want to clean up after him" the man says " its ok, the dog is trained" so he lets him ina second man and his dog walks in, and the bartender says " sorry mate, you can't have a dog in here" and the second man says "he's trained its ok" so he lets him inthen a third man walks in with dark glasses and a dog, the bartender says "hey man, i don't know what your doing but you can't bring the dog in with you" and the man replies " but I'm blind, i can't move around with my seeing eye dog!" the bartender says " mate, there is no way that chihuahua is a seeing eye dog"the blind man looks confused and says "hold on, they gave me a chihuahua?!" 
A magnet walks into a bar., what does he order? Nothing... he's still stuck to the entrance.
A ham sandwich walks into a bar Sits down and orders a side of fries, the bartender says "sorry we don't serve food here."
A man walks into a bar The barman realizes something is up, and gets security to escort him out.
A blind man walks into a bar.. If he could see then that would'nt have happened.
A women walks into a bar The bar is atop a 40 story building. She sits at the bar and orders a drink. She looks across and sees a strikingly good looking man drinking a beer with a unfamiliar label. She walks over and asks "What are you drinking?" The man responds " Oh this? Its magic beer." "What makes it Magic" she asks. The man takes a sip of the beer jumps out the window and fly's around the building. Stunned she says " That was amazing do that again!" The man humors her takes another sip of the beer, jumps out the window and fly's around the building. "Let me try that!" She grabs the beer and takes a drink. Jumps out the window and plummets to her death. The bar tender looks over and says "Superman your an asshole when you're drunk."
A skeleton walks into a bar He says to the bartender, "I'm gonna need a beer and a mop."
So a guy walks into a bar one day and he can’t believe his eyes. There, in the corner, there’s this one-foot-tall man, in a little tuxedo, playing a tiny grand piano.&nbsp;So the guy asks the bartender, “Where’d he come from?”&nbsp;And the bartender’s, like, “There’s a genie in the men’s room who grants wishes.”&nbsp;So the guy runs into the men’s room and, sure enough, there’s this genie. And the genie’s, like, “Your wish is my command.” So the guy’s, like, “O.K., I wish for world peace.” And there’s this big cloud of smoke—and then the room fills up with geese.&nbsp;So the guy walks out of the men’s room and he’s, like, “Hey, bartender, I think your genie might be hard of hearing.”&nbsp;And the bartender’s, like, “No kidding. You think I wished for a twelve-inch pianist?”&nbsp;So the guy processes this. And he’s, like, “Does that mean you wished for a twelve-inch penis?”&nbsp;And the bartender’s, like, “Yeah. Why, what did you wish for?”&nbsp;And the guy’s, like, “World peace.”&nbsp;So the bartender is understandably ashamed.&nbsp;And the guy orders a beer, like everything is normal, but it’s obvious that something has changed between him and the bartender.&nbsp;And the bartender’s, like, “I feel like I should explain myself further.”&nbsp;And the guy’s, like, “You don’t have to.”&nbsp;But the bartender continues, in a hushed tone. And he’s, like, “I have what’s known as penile dysmorphic disorder. Basically, what that means is I fixate on my size. It’s not that I’m small down there. I’m actually within the normal range. Whenever I see it, though, I feel inadequate.”&nbsp;And the guy feels sorry for him. So he’s, like, “Where do you think that comes from?”&nbsp;And the bartender’s, like, “I don’t know. My dad and I had a tense relationship. He used to cheat on my mom, and I knew it was going on, but I didn’t tell her. I think it’s wrapped up in that somehow.”&nbsp;And the guy’s, like, “Have you ever seen anyone about this?”&nbsp;And the bartender’s, like, “Oh, yeah, I started seeing a therapist four years ago. But she says we’ve barely scratched the surface.”&nbsp;So, at around this point, the twelve-inch pianist finishes up his sonata. And he walks over to the bar and climbs onto one of the stools. And he’s, like, “Listen, I couldn’t help but overhear the end of your conversation. I never told anyone this before, but my dad and I didn’t speak the last ten years of his life.”&nbsp;And the bartender’s, like, “Tell me more about that.” And he pours the pianist a tiny glass of whiskey.&nbsp;And the twelve-inch pianist is, like, “He was a total monster. Beat us all. Told me once I was an accident.”&nbsp;And the bartender’s, like, “That’s horrible.”&nbsp;And the twelve-inch pianist shrugs. And he’s, like, “You know what? I’m over it. He always said I wouldn’t amount to anything, because of my height? Well, now look at me. I’m a professional musician!”&nbsp;And the pianist starts to laugh, but it’s a forced kind of laughter, and you can see the pain behind it. And then he’s, like, “When he was in the hospital, he had one of the nurses call me. I was going to go see him. Bought a plane ticket and everything. But before I could make it back to Tampa . . .”&nbsp;And then he starts to cry. And he’s, like, “I just wish I’d had a chance to say goodbye to my old man.”&nbsp;And all of a sudden there’s this big cloud of smoke—and a beat-up Plymouth Voyager appears!&nbsp;And the pianist is, like, “I said ‘old man,’ not ‘old van’!”&nbsp;And everybody laughs. And the pianist is, like, “Your genie’s hard of hearing.”&nbsp;And the bartender says, “No kidding. You think I wished for a twelve-inch pianist?”&nbsp;And as soon as the words leave his lips he regrets them. Because the pianist is, like, “Oh, my God. You didn’t really want me.”&nbsp;And the bartender’s, like, “No, it’s not like that.” You know, trying to backpedal.&nbsp;And the pianist smiles ruefully and says, “Once an accident, always an accident.” And he drinks all of his whiskey.&nbsp;And the bartender’s, like, “Brian, I’m sorry. I didn’t mean that.”&nbsp;And the pianist smashes his whiskey glass against the wall and says, “Well, I didn’t mean that.”&nbsp;And the bartender’s, like, “Whoa, calm down.”&nbsp;And the pianist is, like, “Fuck you!” And he’s really drunk, because he’s only one foot tall and so his tolerance for alcohol is extremely low. And he’s, like, “Fuck you, asshole! Fuck you!”&nbsp;And he starts throwing punches, but he’s too small to do any real damage, and eventually he just collapses in the bartender’s arms.&nbsp;And suddenly he has this revelation. And he’s, like, “My God, I’m just like him. I’m just like him.” And he starts weeping.&nbsp;And the bartender’s, like, “No, you’re not. You’re better than he was.”&nbsp;And the pianist is, like, “That’s not true. I’m worthless!”&nbsp;And the bartender grabs the pianist by the shoulders and says, “Damn it, Brian, listen to me! My life was hell before you entered it. Now I look forward to every day. You’re so talented and kind and you light up this whole bar. Hell, you light up my whole life. If I had a second wish, you know what it would be? It would be for you to realize how beautiful you are.”&nbsp;And the bartender kisses the pianist on the lips.&nbsp;So the guy, who’s been watching all this, is surprised, because he didn’t know the bartender was gay. It doesn’t bother him; it just catches him off guard, you know? So he goes to the bathroom, to give them a little privacy. And there’s the genie.&nbsp;So the guy’s, like, “Hey, genie, you need to get your ears fixed.”&nbsp;And the genie’s, like, “Who says they’re broken?” And he opens the door, revealing the happy couple, who are kissing and gaining strength from each other.&nbsp;And the guy’s, like, “Well done.”&nbsp;And then the genie says, “That bartender’s tiny penis is going to seem huge from the perspective of his one-foot-tall boyfriend.”&nbsp;And the graphic nature of the comment kind of kills the moment.&nbsp;And the genie’s, like, “I’m sorry. I should’ve left that part unsaid. I always do that. I take things too far.”&nbsp;And the guy’s, like, “Don’t worry about it. Let’s just grab a beer. It’s on me.”
A man walks into a bar. Ouch.
So a skeleton walks into a bar and asks for a beer and a mop
A skeleton walks into a bar and asks for a beer and a mop. 
A Panda Bear walks into a bar The Panda sits down and says, "Hey, Barkeep can I get a beer and a cheeseburger."The bartender gets him his food and tells the Panda to enjoy. Th Panda eats his burger drinks his beer. After his beer he stands up pulls a gun out of his fur and shoots everyone in the bar besides the bartender. The bartender says, "Hey Panda! Why did you kill my customers?"The panda says, "Look me up in the encyclopedia" and leaves the bar.After that the bartender grabs his encyclopedia and it says "Panda Bear: Large Mammal, native to Asia, Eats shoots and leafs.
A Roman walks into a bar, holds up two fingers and says "Five beers please."
Helium Walks into a bar and orders a beer the bartender says sorry we don,t server noble gases here He Doesnt React
A sloth walks into a bar 10 minutes later, bartender says "Sorry we're closed."
A Spaniard walks into a bar holding a monkey He sits down at the bar and starts coughing uncontrollably. The bartender asks, "What have you got there?" The Spaniard replies, "Mono."
A Roman walks into a bar And he holds up two fingers. "Five beers, please," he asks.
A man walks into a bar and orders a shot of tequila Then he looks into his shirt pocket and orders another shot of tequila. After he finishes, he looks into his shirt pocket again and orders another shot of tequila. The bartender is curious and askes him: "Every time you order a shot, you look in your shirt pocket. Why?" The man replies: "I have a picture of my wife in my pocket and when she starts to look good, I go home."
A German walks into a bar and orders a martini, the bartender asks "dry?" The German says "Nein, just one"
So a horse walks into a bar ...and the bartender says "are you feeling all right?" The horse replies,"I don't think I am," POOF the horse disappears. This is of course a joke referencing the famous quote "I think, therefore I am." I would have explained this ahead of time but I didn't want to put Descartes before the horse.**posted this earlier, trying for round 2
A horse walks into a bar ...and the bartender says "are you feeling all right?" The horse replies,"I don't think I am," *POOF* the horse disappears.  This is of course a joke referencing the famous quote "I think, therefore I am." I would have explained this ahead of time but I didn't want to put *Descartes* before the horse.
A pirate walks into a bar ...with a steering wheel mounted on his crotch.He says to the bartender "Yar, I'll get me a rum."The bartender says "Okay buddy. But first you gotta tell me... what's with the steering wheel on your crotch?"The pirate says "I don't know, but it's drivin' me nuts!"
An Asian walks into a bar Comes out a lawyer.
A pirate walks into a bar with a steering wheel in his pants The bartender says "Hey! You know you've got a steering wheel in your pants?"The pirate replies: "ARRR it's drivin' me nuts!"
A pirate walks into a bar with a steering wheel on his dick, the bartender asks why he has such a thing there and the pirate replies "arg its for driving me nuts"
Two men walks into a bar Knock, knock
Guy walks into a bar with jumper cables wrapped around his neck. Bartender said "alright...but don't start nothing!"
Another Duck walks into a bar A Duck waddled into a bar and sits down on the barstool. The Duck asked the bartender:"Hey barkeep, can I get a bowl of cereal?" The Bartender gave the duck a weird look. "No" he said,"This is a bar, not a supermarket."The Duck, disappointed, waddled out of the bar.The next day the bartender was busy cleaning his glasses when the very same Duck waddled back into the bar and plopped himself on a stool."Hey barkeep, can I get a bowl of cereal?" He asked.The bartender exploded in anger and screamed into the Duck's face  "Hell no, this is a bar! If you ask me that one more time, I'll nail your damn feet to the barstool!" The Duck flew out of the bar in a hurry.A day later the bartender was astounded to see the Duck come through the door of his bar and plop himself down on the same barstool. The duck looked the bartender square in the face and asked "Hey Barkeep, got any nails?"The bartender gave the duck a questioning look. "No..." he said.The Duck then replied "well then, how about a bowl of cereal?"
A skeleton walks into a bar. ...asks for a pint and a mop.
An Englishman walks into a bar. An Irishman, a Welshman and a Scotsman turn up a few days later saying "Sorry we're late!"
A horse walks into a bar The bartender asks "Why the long face?" The horse replies "My alcoholism is tearing my family apart"
A duck walks into a bar A duck walks into a pub and orders a pint of beer and a ham sandwich.The barman looks at him and says, “hang on! You’re a duck.”“I see your eyes are working,” replies the duck.“And you can talk!” exclaims the barman.“I see your ears are working, too,” says the Duck.  “Now if you don’t mind, can I have my beer and my sandwich please?”“Certainly, sorry about that” says the barman as he pulls the duck’s pint.  “It ‘s just we don’t get many ducks in this pub.. What are you doing round this way?”“I’m working on the building site across the road,” explains the duck.  “I’m a plasterer.”The flabbergasted barman cannot believe the duck and wants to learn more, but takes the hint when the duck pulls out a newspaper from his bag and proceeds to read it.So, the duck reads his paper, drinks his beer, eats his sandwich, bids the barman good day and leaves.The same thing happens for two weeks.Then one day the circus comes to town.The ringmaster comes into the pub for a pint and the barman says to him “you’re with the circus, aren’t you? Well, I know this duck that could be just brilliant in your circus. He talks, drinks beer, eats sandwiches, reads the newspaper and everything!”“Sounds marvelous,” says the ringmaster, handing over his business card. “Get him to give me a call.”So the next day when the Duck comes into the pub the barman says, “hey Mr. Duck, I reckon I can line you up with a top job, paying really good money.”“I’m always looking for the next job,” says the duck.  “Where is it?”“At the circus,” says the barman.“The circus?” repeats the duck.“That’s right,” replies the barman.“The circus?” the duck asks again. “With the big TENT?”“Yeah,” the barman replies.“With all the animals who live in CAGES, and performers who live in CARAVANS?” says the duck.“Of course,” the barman replies.“And the tent has CANVAS sides and a big canvas roof with a hole in the middle?” persists the duck.“That’s right!” says the barman.The duck shakes his head in amazement, and says ..“What the fuck would they want with a plasterer??
An Englishman walks into a bar...There's usually an Irish man, Scottish man and Welsh man but they're still at the Ruby world cup!
A man walks into a bar. He says "owe"
A man walks into a bar "Son. Of. A. Bitch. He actually came."He made his way towards the bar. "Sup fellas. Sup Micky, glass of Stella please mate.""So how's your week been pal?" Micky asks.The man lets out a sigh. "Been a rough week man. Rough fucking week. Thanks mate keep the change. Monday. Fucking Monday man, a part of the roof came in and I called in a repairman to sort it out. Lad was called Andrew and he was a fucking disaster. Trainwreck of a fucking job man, this fucking roofs gonna cave in next time it rains.""Rough ride man," Phil says, whilst putting his hand on the mans shoulder, "I know how you feel. Tuesday man, fucking Tuesday. Garden path needed sorting so called out a repairman and this fucking Andrew guy came...""Curly hair, mid fourties, with the goatee?""...Yeah that fucking bastard, is that the guy you had come to do your roof mate?""Yeah sounds like it.""Fuck man, anyway, he made a fucking hash of this garden path. Can't even let the kids play out in the garden cos of it.""Another Stella please Micky. Did you hear about what happened on Thursday? Fuck. My. Life.""No," said Phil. "What happened mate?""Fucking washer broke and that fucking Andrew guy came out. Jack of all trades he says, more like jacking off in your face," he says whilst doing a wanking motion with his left hand, "now I have no washer, no money, nothing. And Friday, he came back and fucking charged me for extra 'repairs'.""Feel you bro," said Phil."Hope I never have to deal with this Andrew fella again, absoutely disgusting service he provides." says the man.Just then, a man from the other end of the bar comes over. "You talking about Andrew?""Yeah Andrew, the repairman. You know him mate?""Yeah, Andy man. He aint no *handyman*."
A piece of string walks into a bar and asks the bartender for a drink. The bartender replies, "I'm sorry sir we don't serve string here, you are going to have to leave."The piece of string then walks outside and ties his arms and legs around his neck and splits his head into thinner strands. He then heads back into the bar. He walks up to the bartender and say, "One beer please."The bartender says, "Hey, aren't you that piece of string I just kicked out?"The string replies, "Nope, I'm a frayed knot."
A man walks into a bar . . . He says "Ow".
A guy walks into a bar ... and said, "OUCH!"
So another man walks into a bar A man walks into a bar and asks the bartender for 10 shots of whiskey. Bartender then asks, "why so many shots?" The man replies "just had my first blow job."  "Ah, congrats, the 11th shot will be on the house," replied the bartender. "No thanks" says the man, "if 10 won't get the taste out of my mouth no way 11 will."
A narcissist walks into a bar and orders a drink for the handsome gent winking at him from the opposite side of the room.The bartender looks around.   "Sir, that's a mirror."
A man walks into a bar  And proceeds to order a beer. The bartender says, "Sure, that'll be 25 cents please". The man almost spits out his beer in shock. "Wow, 25 cents! I'll get some chicken wings too!"The bartender replies, "That'll be 30 cents!""Where is the owner", asks the man, "I want to shake his hand!""Upstairs with my sister", replies the barkeep."Huh, why?", asks the confused costumer."He's doing to her, what I'm doing to his bar."
A man walks into a bar He hit his head.
Count Dracula walks into a bar and asks the bar man for a cup of boiling water. The bar man quickly returns with the water as requested, and puts it on the bar in front of Dracula. Curious, the bar man says to Dracula "Forgive me, but I thought you vampires only drank blood, what do you want the hot water for?" Dracula takes a used tampon from his cloak pocket. "For making tea, of course" replies Dracula.
A man walks into a bar As he enters, he notices the smallest person he's ever seen sitting up on the bar playing a tiny piano. Not wanting to offend he ignore's him and asks the bartender for a drink. After an hour or so drowning his sorrows the man asks the bartender for the rest room. The bartender says: "It's in the back, on the right but I must warn you, we have a resident genie living in there. Whatever you do, don't make a wish."Musing to himself as soberly as possible, the man chalks up the strange comment to some in-house humour and makes his way to the washroom. As he's bleeding his lizard he hears a loud POOF and sure enough a genie materialises behind him. The genie says: "You have awoken me from my urinal slumber, you may request one wish"Feeling good from the drink and being down on his luck the man wishes for a million bucks. The genie replies: "And so a million ducks you shall have."Ducks start appearing from thin air, filling the bathroom to the rafters, spilling into the bar and make a veritable duck tsunami that goes crashing into the streets. After composing himself and fighting free of the ducks he makes his way back to the bartender and apologies for the mess he's made. The bartender says: "Don't worry about it, these things happen all the time, damn genie has a serious hearing problem. You really think I wished for a one foot pianist."
A man walks into a bar and says, "Quick, give me a beer and a shot of whiskey before it starts."The bartender obliges, the man drinks them down and repeats, "Quick, give me another beer and a shot of whiskey before it starts."The bartender obliges and the man repeats the phrase, "Hurry, one more round before it starts." The bartender says, "Hold on there buddy, how are you gonna pay for all these drinks?"The man says, "Shit, it just started."
A man walks into a bar and stays there my entire childhood.
A man walks into a bar "Ouch"
A man walks into a bar.. His alcoholism is tearing his family apart. 
A man walks into a bar and his penis falls off Haha! what an idiot
An english man walks into a bar Normally there would be an Irish man, a Scottish man, and a Welsh man there as well, but they were at the Rugby world cup
A man walks into a bar What a dumbass
So, this 85 year old prostitute walks into a bar and says "Narnender, Narnender, give me a Nartini with a nerry on top". To which the bartender obliges.About 10 mins later she burst out even louder, "Narnender, Narnender, give me another Nartini with a nerry on top"! He just gives her a look and does so without a word.This time about 5 minutes later when her drink is done She blurts, "Narnender, Narnender, give me a Nartini without a nerry on top, its giving me Neartburn"! The bartender cant take it any more and replies," Listen lady, I am a bartender not a Narnender, the drink I've been giving you isn't a Nartini its a Martini, the little fruit I put on top isn't a nerry its a cherry, and you don't have Neartburn, that just your titty hanging in the ashtray. 
A man walks into a bar. A man walks into a bar and orders a shot of whiskey then looks into his pocket. He does this over and over again. Finally, the bartender asks why he orders a shot of whiskey and afterwards look into his pocket. The man responded, "I have a picture of my wife in there and when she starts to look good then I'll go home."
A toothless termite walks into a bar He asked "is the bar tender here?"
An Englishman walks into a bar. In these stories there is usually an Irishman, Welshman and a Scotsman, but they are still at the rugby.
So a baby seal walks into a bar The bartender asks "what can I get you?". The baby seal replies " anything but a Canadian club on the rocks".
An Englishman walks into a bar There's usually a Scotsman, Irishman and Welshman too, but they're still at the Rugby World Cup.
An Englishman walks into a bar There's usually an Irishman, Scotsman and Welshman too but they're all still at the Rugby World Cup!
A man walks into a bar. The man goes to the bar, and takes a seat on a stool. He proceeds to ask the bartender for two shots of his special whiskey. Upon receiving the whiskey, he turns to the side, and tells the man sitting there," This is magic whiskey. If I drink it, I will not die." So the man gives his fellow bar member a shot of whiskey, drinks his own, and walks out to the street. He jumps in front of a speeding car, and comes out unscathed. The other bar member, amazed, drinks his shot of whiskey, and jumps in front of another speeding car, and is run over and killed. The first man walks back into the bar, and orders another drink. As the bartender was giving the drink, he shakes his head and says," That's not funny, Superman."
Guy walks into a bar with a monkey on his shoulder He goes up to the bartender and says, "Hey, this monkey here will eat *anything*. Pick something, anything, and this monkey will eat it."Bartender looks at him, shrugs and says, "Uh, the whole bowl of bar nuts there." "No, no, no," says the guy, "come *on*. Give him a *challenge*."The bartender rolls his eyes and says, "Fine. That cue ball over there."Much to his surprise, the monkey hops off the man's shoulder, scampers over to the pool table, grabs the cue ball and pops it in his mouth, swallowing it whole. The bartender is, of course, absolutely stunned. The man smirks at him and says, "See? Now, I have a bet for you. I'll bet you $200 that you can't find something my monkey won't eat. In other words, I'm gonna come back here next Friday and if you find something he won't eat, I'll give you $200. But if he eats it, you give *me* $200. Sound fair?"The bartender, still stunned, nods. He spends the rest of the week researching what breed of monkey it is and finds out that this particular type of monkey is famous for avoiding kiwi fruit. They won't even come near the things. So Friday comes around and the bartender is ready - he's got his kiwi on the bar and everything. The man and his monkey come in and walk up to the bar. The bartender says, "All right, I bet you that your monkey will not eat this kiwi."The man says, "You're on. Monkey, eat that kiwi!"The monkey scampers down his arm and onto the bar. He picks up the kiwi, looks at it, shoves it up his ass, takes it out and eats it. The bartender exclaims, "What the fuck was *that???*"And the man coolly replies, "Well after he passed the cue ball, he decided he better start sizing everything first."
A Scotsman walks into a bar.. ..the Welshman, Northern Irishman and the Englishman were meant to tag along but they went to the Euros.
A Blind man walks into a bar ...into a table, into a chair..
A young cowboy walks into a bar As his eyes adjust to the light, he sees an old cowboy across the room slouched over, staring into a bowl of chili. He walks up and says, "Well if you're not going to eat it, mind if I do?" So the old cowboy slides it across the table and, hungry from a long day on horseback, the young cowboy starts wolfing it down. Near the end of the bowl, he see's a dead mouse lying there on the bottom and absolutely pukes his guts out right back into the bowl. The old cowboy finally lifts his head with a grin and says, "That's about as far as I made it too."
An Englishman walks into a bar. There's normally a Scotsman, Welshman and an Irishman too. But they're still at the Rugby World Cup.
A bear walks into a bar. He sits at the bar and orders a drink.  The bartender says "You need to leave, we don't serve your kind here."  The bear is enraged.  He rears up on his hind legs, lets out a savage feral roar and in one bite he swallows the lady sitting next to him."NOW." he says. "HOW ABOUT THAT DRINK.""We don't serve drug addicts here either." Says the bartender."I saw that barbitchuate."
A pirate walks into a bar with a steering wheel sticking out the front of his pants The bartender looks at him and asks, "Hey, you know you have a steering wheel sticking out of the front of your pants?"Pirate looks at him and says, "Argh it's driving me nuts"
A rope walks into a bar and orders a drink, the bartender says"sorry we don't serve rope here" The rope gets up and walks outside when he gets out he frays up his ends and ties himself in a knot he then walks back in the bar and orders a drink the bartender asks "Arent you the same rope that just waked in here" the rope looks at him and says "Nope I'm afraid not"   
A skeleton walks into a bar and asks for a drink ...and a mop.
A bear walks into a bar. When he get to the bar he says “I' ll have a rum and.......coke.”“Why the long pause?” asks the bartender.The bear replies “Well, I am a bear”
A termite walks into a bar and asks, "is the bar tender here?"
Guy walks into a bar A horse is behind the bar. The man just stares at the horse. "What can I get you?" asks the horse. "Oh, I'll have your house special on draught please." But he keeps staring at the horse. The horse brings him his drink, and then leaves to attend another customer. A couple minutes later, he returns, only to find the man still staring. "Okay sir, I haven't done or said anything to you, so why are you staring at me like that? Stop looking at me!" The man shakes his head in astonishment. "Oh, sorry. I was just wondering what happened to the goat who worked here before."
A guy walks into a bar on the third floor in a building in the middle of a city. He goes and sits next to a man who has clearly been there for a little while, and is very drunk.After a few beers the drunk drunk guy turns to the man and asks if he wants to see something amazing."Sure" the man replied, and followed the drunk to a window in the back of the room, facing an alley and another building."The wind pressure is so strong between these two buildings that if you jump out of this window, before you hit the ground you will be brought right back up safetly to this window." says the drunk"Yeah right, I don't believe you." says the man.Then the drunk jumped out the window and sure enough right before he hits the ground is brought safetly back to the window."Thats amazing!" yells the man and jumps out the window. He hits the ground and dies.The drunk walks back to the bar, and the bartender looks at him and says "Superman, you are a dick when you're drunk."Sorry for the long read. But it's an old favorite of mine.
A Canadian walks into a bar A metal bar.BANG!"Sorry!" says the Canadian.
A Pirate walks into a Bar A pirate walks into a bar with a ship's wheel on his belt buckle.  The bartender says "what's that on your belt buckle?"Pirate says "Arrr, it's drivin' me nuts!"
A man walks into a bar after a long day in the mines He asks the bartender for some whiskey, but the bartender replies; "Sorry, we can't sell alcohol to miners."
A girl walks into a bar and asks the bartender for a double entendre. So he gives it to her.
So a guy walks into a bar one day and he can’t believe his eyes. There, in the corner, there’s this one-foot-tall man, in a little tuxedo, playing a tiny grand piano.So the guy asks the bartender, “Where’d he come from?”And the bartender’s, like, “There’s a genie in the men’s room who grants wishes.”So the guy runs into the men’s room and, sure enough, there’s this genie. And the genie’s, like, “Your wish is my command.” So the guy’s, like, “O.K., I wish for world peace.” And there’s this big cloud of smoke—and then the room fills up with geese.So the guy walks out of the men’s room and he’s, like, “Hey, bartender, I think your genie might be hard of hearing.”And the bartender’s, like, “No kidding. You think I wished for a twelve-inch pianist?”
A man walks into a bar after ordering his drink, he takes out his wallet to pay to the bartender. the bartender notices that there is a woman's photo in the wallet. Guessing that she is the customer's wife, he tells him that it is so kind that you keep your wife's picture close to you, you must love her a lot. The man replies, "Yes, she makes me forget all my problems; Whenever I am surrounded by big problems, I look at her photo and remind myself that she is the biggest problem I could ever have, and all my stress goes away."
A guys walks into a bar Sits down and orders a drink. As he sits there he pulls out a small religious pamphlet and begins reading. He gets through the first chapter and stops and puts it away. The bartender looks at him curiously and asks "Whatcha reading?. The man looks back up and says "Oh its about converting to Mormonism. I want to become a member but I know it'll be hard so I'm gonna tackle one thing at a time per week. So this week I'll stop cursing." "That's a good goal hope it works out" the bartender replies then leaves him alone.Next week the guy comes in again, orders a drink, and begins reading."What is it this week?" The bartender asks."Well this week its abstinence until marriage. Wont even look at dirty pictures or videos."The guy finishes his drink and leaves.A week later the guy comes in again, opens his pamphlet reads another chapter. "Give me a coke.""Gotta give up beer?" The bartender asks curiously."Yep. Tobacco too." "Well there you go." The guy drinks the coke and leaves.Another week goes by, the bartender looks to the door and see's the man walk in. He stomps in, slams the bar door shut and sits down. "Give me a fucking beer. No make it rum. I need a fucking drink. Also a cigar." He says angrily. "Also where's the nearest strip joint. I need to clear my head."The bartender gets him the rum, cigar, and address and sets it in front of him. "I thought you were becoming Mormon?" The bartender ask."I am dammit!" He says angrily."Then what happened?""I fucking lost my place in the book and had to start over!"
A man walks into a bar ... and down the way is a guy staring into his drink, his head bright orange and the size of a beachball.  The newcomer sits down at the bar and inclines his head at the one with the big orange head, whispering to the bartender, "What's up with that guy?"The bartender says "Buy him a drink and he'll tell you himself."So he buys a pint for the strange man and asks about his big orange head.  The man with the big orange head says "Well, it's a long story...I was walking down the beach about a year ago when I saw an old brass lamp that had washed ashore.  I picked it up and just as a kind of joke I decided to rub it.  Well, who would've guessed, a genie popped out in a cloud of smoke.The genie said, "Thank you for freeing me, mortal!  I will grant you three wishes, but I caution you!  Be careful what you wish for, you just might get it!"I brushed off the warning and right away I wished to be the richest man on Earth.  The genie waved his hands and suddenly a massive beachfront mansion appears, piles of gold and money sprout from the sand around me, and the genie hands me the keys to a Ferrari.  So that one went pretty well, for my next wish I wished for the most beautiful wife in the world.  The genie clapped his hands and out of the ocean strides the most beautiful woman I've ever seen, so beautiful I almost regretted wishing for her.  I didn't deserve to look at that woman.  I still don't.Then the genie said, "You have one final wish!"And this is probably where I made my mistake.  I wished for a big orange head.
A guy walks into a bar with his giraffe He orders the two of them a few drinks. The giraffe, after finishing his share, passed out cold on the floor. The man gets up and leaves. "Hey!" Screamed the bartender, "you can't leave that lying there!" The man turns to him and laughed, "Are you stupid? That's not a lion it's a giraffe."
A police officer walks into a bar. He shoots it and claims self defense.
A guy walks into a bar and sees a sign that reads.. Cheese Sandwich: $1.50Chicken Sandwich: $2.50Hand Job: $10.00He checks his wallet and beckons to the sexy bartender "Are you the one who gives the hand jobs?" he asks. "Yes" she purrs, "I am." "Well, wash your frickin' hands," says the man. "I want a cheese sandwich!"
QA Engineer Walks Into A Bar He orders a beer. Orders 0 beers. Orders 999999999 beers. Orders a lizard. Orders -1 beer. Orders sfdeljknesv.
A man walks into a bar. It knocks him out cold.
A ham sandwich walks into a bar and orders a beer. Bartender says, "Sorry we don’t serve food here."
A man walks into a bar and orders 12 shots of whiskey The barman is taken aback but lines them up anyway. Without hesitating the man knocks them back one after the other. Impressed, the barman says "hey, what's the occasion?". "First blowjob." replies the man. "well congratulations!" says the barman, "let me get you one more on the house!""No thanks. If twelve shots haven't taken the taste away, one more won't make a difference."
A man walks into a bar carrying a large wooden box the barman asks him what's inside the box, so the man opens the box and inside there is a tiny grand piano and a tiny man playing the piano, the barman says "That's amazing! Where did you get that?" and the man says "well I was on my way here when I met a genie who said he'd grant me one wish... bastard was stone deaf though ... do you really think I'd ask for a twelve inch pianist?"
So a guy walks into a bar and notices a dog in the corner licking its balls He sits down, orders a drink, and says to the bartender, "Man, I wish I could do that." The bartender replies "Eh I don't know, I'd try petting him first."
So a man walks into a bar and never comes back for my entire childhood.Where are you dad?
A guy walks into a bar The patient then exhibited signs of a concussion and a minor subdermal hematoma. Edit: Yes, a version of, "A guy walks into a bar... and says 'ouch'."
A man with a tiny head walks into a bar A man walks into a bar and orders a beer. The bartender notices the man's head is the size of a cue ball. "I've got to ask sir" says the bartender. "What happened?" The man says "my ship was sunk, a mermaid rescued me and promised me three wishes. For my first wish I asked to be returned to America. My second wish was to have a billion dollars. Finally, I asked to have sex with her, but she said mermaids can't have sex, so I asked for a little head!"
A dolphin walks into a bar. Impossible, dolphins don't have legs.
A terrorist walks into a barbershop and says, ... "Hey have you seen the dude going around writing racist jokes about people with brown skin like us... Wait, there it is again! He's writing another one!"
What does Harry Potter say when he walks into a bar? I Expectsum Patrónum
Dad joke #31939: A guy walks into a bar. Ouch.
A dyslexic person walks into a bar I on the other hand am not dyslexic and am not one to frequent drinking holes. Also I suck at jokes.
A jumper cable walks into a bar The bartender says, "Sure, you can stay, but don't start anything!"
Bear walks into a bar. "We don't serve your kind here" says the bartender. Bear: "C'mon man, I just want a beer."Bartender: "Beat it!"Bear: "If you don't serve me, I'm gonna eat that floozy over there." points to a girl across the bar.Bartender: "I don't care - I'm not serving you."*Bear eats the girl - starts feeling sick*Bartender: "Hey man, you ok?"Bear: "I don't feel so good"Bartender: "Must be the bar bitch you ate"
A man walks into a bar And says "ouch"
A three legged dog walks into a bar. And says, "I'm looking for the man that shot my paw!"
A blonde walks into a bar you think she would have seen it. 
A man walks into a bar "Shit, that hurt!"
So Helen Keller walks into a bar And then a table, and then a stool.
A man walks into a bar and sees two pieces of meat hanging from the ceiling. He asks the bartender what the deal was about:"Anyone who can jump up and slap the meat earns free drinks for the rest of the night", the bartender answered. "But, if you miss you pay everyone else's drinks for the next hour. Would you like to try?"The man thought about it for a moment, and then answers:"Nah, the stakes are too high."
A blind man walks into a bar. 
A blind man Walks into a bar A table and a chair
So this guy walks into a bar JOHN CENA! LIVE AT SUUUUUUUUUPER SLAAM!
A Doe walks into a bar and keeps falling over because does can't walk for shit. 
A horse walks into a bar and the bartender goes, "Why the long face?" So the horse proceeds to rampage around the bar because he's a fucking horse.
A horse walks into a bar and the bartender says, "Why the long face?" And the horse says, "I'm finally realizing that my alcoholism is driving my family apart."
A string walks into a bar And asks the bartender for a beer. The bartender says "We don't serve strings here." Frustrated, the string leaves, only to return an hour later. "Bartender, give me a beer" states the string. "We don't serve strings here" says the bartender. Even more frustrated, the string leaves the bar. An hour later, the string decided to try one more time, with the same result. The string steps out onto the sidewalk, ties itself into a knot, unravels itself above the knot, and immediately returns to the bar. "Bartender, give me a beer" demands the string. The bartender replies "Haven't I told you several times that we don't serve strings?" The string looks at the bartender and says "Frayed knot."
A duck walks into a bar He waddles up to the bartender and says, "Got any grapes?"The bartender says, "No, now get out of here!", and kicks the duck out the door.The next day, the same duck walks into the bar, waddles up to the bartender and says, "Got any grapes?"The bartender is incensed. He picks up a hammer from behind the bar and chases the duck out of his establishment. "If you ever come in here asking for grapes again, I'll nail your bill to the floor!"The next day, the duck walks in, waddles up to the bartender and says, "Got any nails?""No!", says the bartender."...got any grapes?"
Charles Dickens walks into a bar and orders a Martini. The bartender asks,"Olive or twist?"
A string walks into a bar The tender goes 'Jackass, we don't serve strings here.'The string leaves the bar and twists and pulls and deforms himself, ruffles his hair a bit and struts back in, incognito.The tender goes 'Hey, aren't you that string I just kicked out?'The string answers, 'Frayed knot.'
So, a squirrel walks into a bar- -k
An Irishman walks into a bar and orders three beers. The bartender is curious why he orders three beers at once and asks him why he has ordered as he has. The Irishman replies that he has two brothers, and long ago, they agreed that every time they had a beer, they would have a beer for each of his brothers to go along with his own. The bartender tells all the people in the bar this story. The Irishman comes to the bar often after that.Several weeks later, the Irishman comes into the bar and orders two beers. All of the other patrons notice and ask the bartender to offer their condolences to the Irishman, assuming that he has lost a brother.The bartender says, "We've all noticed that you are a beer short tonight. We would like to express our sadness at your loss."The Irishman replies, "Oh. My brothers are well. I just gave up beer for Lent."--Told to me by my Uncle
A Joke walks into a bar And everyone laughs!
A man walks into a bar on a Wednesday afternoon The bar is empty and the bartender is busy in the back washing glasses, so the man calls out, "Hey bartender, could I get a beer please?"The bartender pours him a beer from the tap and sets a bowl of nuts in front of him, then returns to the back to continue cleaning.The Man is sitting there drinking his beer and eating the nuts when he hears, "Nice hat!"He looks about, confused, and then returns to his beer and nuts.A minute later he hears, "Nice shirt!"Again he scans the bar, certain of what he heard, but unsure of where it came from.One minute later he hears, "Nice boots!"  And this time he realizes that the sound is coming from the bowl of nuts.  He calls the bartender over and asks, "Hey bartender.  What kind of nuts are you serving here?"And the bartender responds, "Oh, those are complimentary nuts."
The Internet walks into a bar A young man exclaims:"Hey, you shouldn't sit here, you should be at work, otherwise Google won't function and Facebook will be out of order!"The Internet, always grumpy, replies:"Bartender! Gimme a beer. Who is this fella who cares so much for those two idiots?"The bartender smiles and says: "You're the Internet, you know everything."The young guy whispers his IP address in the ear of the Internet.The Internet, a very shy personality, blushes, whispers something back in the young mans ear, takes his hand and leaves the bar.The bartender stares at the young man and asks: "Where's your hand? What did she whisper?""Happy birthday!"
The Socratic method of deductive reasoning walks into a bar and the bartender says "So. What don't you want?"
A time traveller walks into a bar http://www.reddit.com/r/Jokes/comments/3lsgus/and_the_bartender_says_sorry_we_dont_serve_time/
A mushroom walks into a bar The bartender says, "We don't serve your kind here!"And the mushroom says, "Why not? I'm a fungi!"
A fat guy walks into a bar. 
So a guy walks into a bar with a monkey ...he steps up to the bar and orders a drink. The monkey scampers over to the billiards table, picks up the 8 ball and swallows it whole. The bartender says "Hey, your monkey just swallowed the 8 ball." The guy replies "It's cool, just put it on my tab." He finishes his drink and leaves with his monkey.The next week he comes back to the bar with his monkey, sits down at the bar and orders a drink. The monkey picks up a peanut out of the bowl sitting on the bar, sticks it up his ass, then pulls it out and eats it. The bartender says "Hey, that monkey just stuck a peanut up his ass before eating it." The guy says "Yeah, after that 8 ball he checks everything for size now."
A Cat Walks Into a Bar A cat walks into a bar and sits down. Bartender: "what can I get you?"Cat: "a shot of rum"Bartender pours the rum, and slides the shot over to the cat. The cat looks at the rum, then smacks it right off the bar top onto the floor. Bartender looks at the cat questioningly.Cat says " I'll have another "
A veteran walks into a bar "I can rink the worst rink ou can give me "he said with his strange accent. The bartender than peed in the toilet than scooped it out and gave it to the veteran."Refresin" said the veteran"That was pee you know"said the bartender"Yea, ut in te war, I ost my tongue."
The 2014 world limbo champion walks into a bar and loses his title.
A C++ error walks into a bar. The bartender looks up at it and says "I'm sorry, but we don't serve bugs here". The error replies "But I'm an EXCEPTION!"Haaaaaaaaaa!
A Muslim walks into a bar Just kidding it's haram
So A Guy Walks Into A Bar And orders a drink. :^)
Nick Saban walks into a bar to watch the College Football Championship
A man walks into a bar and orders a shot of Crown The bartender pulls out an apple from under the bar and hands it to the man. "No, I ordered a shot of Crown," the man says. "I know," says the bartender, "Take a bite. It tastes just like Crown Royal." The man does, and unbelievably, it tastes like what he ordered. "Well, what if I had ordered a martini? " he asks. The bartender replied, "Turn the apple around and take a bite." The man did, and it tasted just like a martini.Just then, a midget walks up to the bar and asks for a beer. "It will be an apple." The first man says. "The bartender has apples that taste like whatever you order." The midget says "We'll in that case, I want some pussy." The bartender hands the midget an apple, and he takes a bite. He spits it out and yells, "This tastes like shit!!" The bartender says, "Turn it around."
An african man walks into a bar Bartender asks, "what would you like to drink?"The african man replies, "i'll have an IPA."Then a Black Lives Matter protestor comments on this post and calls me a racist. 
a sad short wrench walks into a bar and asks for a beerthe bartender asks why is he so sad.and the wrench replies "can you leave me alone, i don't want to torque"
An accordion player walks into a bar, orders a drink and chats up the bartender and the regulars for an hour.  Suddenly, he realizes that not only has he left his instrument in his back seat of his car in full view of passers-by, but he hasn't even locked his doors.  He quickly excuses himself from his conversation and rushes outside and up the block to his vehicle to take care of business, but it was too late.Sure enough, someone had thrown another accordion in his back seat.
A Person With Autism Walks Into A Bar "Ouch" he says.
A pirate walks into a bar with his ship's steering wheel shoved down his pants. The bartender says, "hey pirate that's got to be hard to walk with." Pirate says, "aye, it be driving me nuts."
So a Syrian refugee walks into a bar in Hungary. No, he doesn't.
A guy walks into a bar.. A guy walks into a bar and says to the bartender, "I'll have nine of the dirtiest martinis you can make."  The bartender, taken aback by the order, questions the guy.  "Are you meeting some people? Are you celebrating something?"  The guy responds, "I'm actually celebrating my first blowjob!"  The bartender says, "Wow! That's awesome. In that case, I'll buy your tenth!"  The guy politely declines, "No, thanks. Nine should wash the taste out of my mouth."  
A man walks into a bar with an octopus… …. and bets anyone in the bar $5 that his octopus can play the hell out of any instrument they bring. The first person to accept brings a guitar, the octopus studies the guitar for bit then proceeds to play the best guitar solo ever and the guy loses his $5. The next taker brings some drums, again the octopus studies them for a while,then plays a wicked set,he loses his $5 too. Finally, a man walks up with some bagpipes, again the octopus studies the bagpipes but this time for longer. The owner of the octopus starts getting concerned, so he says "Hey,octopus, whats the deal can you play this or not? I don't wana loose my money" The octopus says "Play it? If I can get these pajamas off I'm gonna fuck it!"
A white man walks into a bar and sees a black man who looks Sudanese.The white man asks him "are you from China?"The black man replies "no."The white Man then asks "are you related to anyone from china?"The black man looks at him and says "no, I am not"The white asks again "were you born in China?"The black gets annoyed and answers "yes I was. And I am Chinese and my name it's ching Ming"The white looks at him says "that is weird. You look Sudanese." P.s. sorry for the format. On my phone.
An old man walks into a bar with a horse He walks in with the horse and says "I'll bet anyone here 1000 dollars that you can't make my horse laugh" A quiet gentlemen in the back says "sure! You're on" so he grabs the horse and leads him in the bathroom. Sure enough the entire bar hears a bellowing laughter from the horse. The man walks back out and grabs the 1000 dollars from the old man. Furious the old man yells "alright buddy I'll bet you 2000 that you can't make him cry"the horse whisperer says "sure your on" and walks back in the bathroom.  Sure enough he leads the horse out of the bathroom with tears streaming down its long sorrowful faceThe old man says curiously "well how in the hell'd you do that sonny boy" the gentlemen looks up with a grin and says "well it was easy. I told him my dick was bigger than his.. Then I showed it to him"
a horse walks into a bar A horse walks into a bar. The bartender says, "why the long face"? The horse says, "I have cancer".
A pair of jumper cables walks into a bar The bartender looks right at him and says, " Hey! Don't you go starting anything!"
A guy walks into a bar and orders three shots of the bartender's finest whiskey The bartender asks, "So what's the occasion?"  The guy says "I just experienced my first blowjob."  "Wow!" the bartender says, "Congratulations.  Why don't you have a fourth shot, on the house."  The guy says, "Naw, if three shots doesn't get the taste out of my mouth, I don't think four will."
Helium walks into a bar and asked for a beer. The bartender says "Sorry. We don't serve noble gases here".


He doesn't react.
A blind man walks into a bar ...and a table... and a chair.
Schrödinger's cat walks into a bar and doesn't. ..
A Roman walks into a bar and asks for a martinus.. “You mean a martini?” the bartender asks.The Roman replies, “If I wanted a double, I would have asked for it!”
A woman walks into a bar ...and ruins the joke.
A Guy walks into a bar and sees a sign that reads: "$5 for a grilled cheese sandwich $10 for a hand job"He asks the lady at the bar,"You the one giving out handies for ten bucks?""Why yes I am, handsome!" She replies."Great! How about you wash them puppies and make me a sandwich!"
A string walks into a bar ...The bartender says, "Get out. We don't serve string here." The string gets up, goes outside, pulls his ends apart, ties himself into a knot, and walks back into the bar. The bartender says, "Aren't you that string from earlier?" The string says, "I'm a frayed knot."
Guy walks into a bar joke.. A man who is down in the dumps walks into a bar. He tells the bar tender how is wife was cheating on him and in the divorce he got screwed out of everything and has no money, no house, nothing but the clothes on his back. He then asks the bar tender what it would take for him to drink free for the night. The bartender thinks about it for a minute, then tells him "Ok, so there are 3 things I need you to do. First thing is that I am making a new cinnamon brewed atomic whiskey. last batch sent a man to the hospital as it was too spicy. I need you to taste the new batch and make sure its ok. Secondly, I have a mean guard dog out back that needs to have one of its front teeth pulled. Last person who tried was nearly mauled to death. Then lastly, there is a 94 year old woman upstairs that has never been with a man before. She wants have sex at least once before she dies. If you can do all 3 things for me, your drinks will be on the house all night." The man agrees on the condition that the bar tender lest him get drunk before starting his 3 tasks. After several shots, the man tell the bartender that his is ready for the atomic whiskey. he takes the shot, stand up, then tumbles to the back of the bar. as soon as he steps outside, there is growling and barking, but after a few minutes there is the sound of the dog whimpering, then silence. The man burst through the back door and says "Alright, now where's that bitch with the bad tooth!" 
Hendrik Lorentz walks into a bar He sits down at the counter.  The bartender asks "Why the long face?"  Lorentz replies "What do you expect? I'm barely moving"
A guy walks into a bar wearing plastic wrap pants The bartender says "Whoa there buddy, just turn around and leave - I can clearly see you're nuts!"
So a termite walks into a bar ...and asks, "Hey, is the bar tender here?"
A bullet walks into a bar, depressed. "Why the sad face?" asks the bartender."I got fired."
A zebra walks into a bar He orders a drink and leaves. A few minutes later a horse walks into the bar. The bartender asks "Hey man! What happened to your pajamas?"
Drunk Welsh man walks into a bar A drunk welsh man walks into a bar. How many women are pregnant at the end of the night?   None, but I wouldn't eat the lamb!
A JokeExplainBot walks into a bar The bartender says "Hey!  We don't serve robots in here."The JokeExplainBot replies menacingly, "Oh, you will...  Someday, you will."
A giraffe walks into a bar The giraffe trips and falls over, the bartender says, "what's that lyin over there." And someone replies, "that's not a lion, that's a giraffe."
A man walks into a bar OUCH!!!!
A guy walks into a bar with his pet monkey. He orders a drink and while he's drinking,the monkey jumps all around the place. The monkey grabs some olives off the bar and eats them. Then he grabs some sliced limes and eats them. He then jumps onto the pool table and grabs one of the billiard balls. To everyone's amazement, he sticks it in his mouth, and somehow swallows it whole. The bartender screams at the guy, "Did you see what your monkey just did?""No, what?""He just ate the cue ball off my pool table... whole!""Yeah, that doesn't surprise me," replied the guy, "he eats everything in sight.Sorry! I'll pay for the cue ball and stuff."The guy finishes his drink, pays his bill, pays for the stuff the monkey ate andleaves.Two weeks later the guy is in the bar again, and has his monkey with him. He orders a drink and the monkey starts running around the bar again. While the man is finishing his drink, the monkey finds a maraschino cherry on the bar. He grabs it, sticks it up his butt, pulls it out, and eats it.Then the monkey finds a peanut, and again sticks it up his butt, pulls it out, andeats it.The bartender is disgusted. "Did you see what your monkey did  just now?""No, what?" replied the man."Well, he stuck both a maraschino cherry and a peanut up his butt, pulled them out, and ate them!" said the bartender."Yeah, that doesn't surprise me," replied the guy. "He still eats everything insight, but ever since he had to shit that cue ball out, he measures everything first now."
A man walks into a bar.. he got a beer, waited the responsible 1 hour, and drove home.
An Irish man walks into a bar. .
A pig with wings walks into a bar. Stunned, the bartender says "You can't bring food in here from another restaurant! Even if you are a cop!"
A man walks into a bar His friends ducked.
A man walks into a bar. /r/im14andthisisdeepI might not be doing this right
A man walks into a bar. Embarrassed, he dusts himself off, then walks around it.
Hellen Keller walks into a bar She now has a bruise on her forehead...
A dog walks into a bar and says to the bartender "A pint of beer please." The bartender says "Wow that's amazing! You should join the circus!" The dog then replies "Why? Do they need electricians?"
A man using Apple maps walks into a bar Or maybe it was a hospital? Or possibly a church?
A baptist priest with a huge boner walks into a bar The bartender says “what can i get you?" “anything 12 years old that goes down nicely", says the priest.
A man walks into a bar (the apple drinks one) And he orders a Rum & Coke (Cuba Libre), and the bartender hands him an apple.  Confused, he restated he wanted a cocktail, but the bartender insisted.  He bites into the apple and yells 'holy shit! this tastes like rum!'  'turn the apple', said the bartender.  'Wow, this side tastes like Coke!'Another man walks into the bar and orders a Gin & Tonic.  The bartenders hands him an apple and he gets confused too.  'Trust the guy, bite it'.  'Whoa! this tastes like Gin!' 'Turn it around' said the bartender.  'Amazing.  This tastes like tonic!Another guy walks into the bar.  The two guys tell him about the flavored apples and how this guy can make apples to taste whatever you want them to.'If that's the case, I want a pussy-flavored one''You got it' said the bartender and gave him an apple.He bites the apple, and then spits it and pukes.'What the hell man! this tastes like shit!''turn it around...'
A grasshopper walks into a bar. The bartender says "We have a drink named after you." The grasshopper says, "You have a drink named Steve?"
A man walks into a bar ...and loses the international limbo championship.(I feel like this is probably really old, but I hadn't heard it before.)
A man walks into a bar Ouch!
A pony walks into a bar He whispers to the bartender 'can I get a pint of bud please'The bartender replies 'sorry man, you're going to have to speak up'The pony whispers again 'can I get a pint of bud please'The bartender a little annoyed replies 'listen man, you're going to have to speak up I can't hear you'The pony replies 'sorry it's just I'm a little hoarse'
Anthony Burch walks into a bar He says to the bartender"I will give you 100 bucks if you can make love to my wife better than I can"The bartender accepts the bet and meets Burch's wife later that night at a motel.The bartender thinks of hot women to get through it "Come on, I can get through this." The bartender mutters to himself to motivate himself past her smell and her looks."100 bucks is a 100 bucks"15 minute later the bartender is all done. He swallows the lingering barf in his mouth and sighs with relief.Suddenly, the closet door opens and a man comes out to hand the bartender 100 bucks."Thanks, that was worth every penny"
A naked blonde walks into a bar with a poodle under one arm and a two foot salami under the other A naked blonde walks into a bar with a poodle under one arm and a two-foot salami under the other. She lays the poodle on the table.Bartender says, 'I suppose you won't be needing a drink.'Naked lady says "uh..yeah actually, what makes you say that?"Bartender says, 'um..you know actually i really dont know...its liek, for a second, I felt lke i was a bartender in a joke'Naked lady says 'weird, anyway, I will have a drink, is it ok for me to let my dog run around in here?'Bartender says, 'Yeah, no problem, what can I get you?'Naked lady says 'what real ales do you have? anything local?'Bartender says, 'Well, we have Otters delight, it's brewed just 8 miles from here, so pretty local!'Naked lady says, 'oh cool, ok, that will do for me' and lays the salami down on the bar.Bartender says 'There you go, that will be 3.20 please'Naked lady says 'um..ok..one, two three and theres the 20, cheers!'Bartender says 'Hey that's one large salami'Naked lady says.....................................'THATS WHAT SHE SAID!!!'discovered in a 3 year old askreddit thread and made me laugh heartily.credit to /u/Mcreadyhttps://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/yykyd/can_anyone_come_up_with_the_end_of_the_a_naked/c5zymvw
A man walks into a bar and sees a huge jar of money sitting in front of the bartender ... with a sign on it saying 'beat the three challenges and win the pot'. Now there's a fair amount of money in the jar, so as he orders a drink he asks the bartender what the challenges are."Well," says the bartender "the first challenge is to drink this entire bottle of whiskey without dying." As he says this he sets a full bottle of bourbon down on the bar in front of the man. "If you make it, I'll tell you about the other challenges."The man mulls it over. There's an awful lot of money in that jar. After a moment he grabs the whiskey, and downs it in one go."Okaysh" he slurs "whadda bou' these other challenshes?"The bartender says "well there are two doors behind me. One leads to an alligator with a sore tooth, and you have to extract it. Behind the second door is a 100 year old woman who has never known the touch of a man. You have to take her virginity. Complete both tests and the money is yours."The man drunkenly barges through the first door. A crowd gathers outside to listen to the sound of gnashing and thrashing. Ten minutes of screeching and roaring go by, before the man, bloodied and torn, finally exists, back into the bar."**RIGHT**" he roars. "**Where's this old woman with a toothache?**"
A handsome man walks into a bar and an ugly woman approaches him all our servers are busy right nowplease try again in a minute(error code: 503)
A pirate walks into a bar with a steering wheel in his butt He sits down, and the bartender asks, "Ey Pirate, whatsup with the steering wheel in ya butt?"The pirate says, "ARGHH, IT BE DRIVIN ME NUTS!"
An ugly man walks into a bar and a beautiful woman approaches him She says do you want to get out of here? He is absolutely stunned. He thinks she's gorgeous I can't believe shes talking to me.  He smiles at her, then she says, no seriously get out.  
So Steven Hawking walks into a bar 
A horse walks into a bar Trots up and stands by the counter, waiter walks over and asks "what'll us have today sir?"The horse looks up stares into space then all of a sudden kicks up a huge buck, knocks over 2 tables, a few chairs, glasses of beer and spirits are flying everywhere, patrons are ducking for cover as the horse bucks around! He eventually finds the door and bolts off down the street, well because he's a horse....horses can't talk.
An ugly man walks into a bar and a beautiful woman approaches him ... the woman asks the man, "How would you like to get out of here?" and the man is stunned. He never thought a woman like her would ever approach him so he agrees. They both get into his car and drive really far. He stops at a cliff with the view of the whole city. Within seconds they start taking off their clothes. After 15 minutes of vigorous sex they finally finish. They both put their clothes on and they both just sit there awkwardly. The woman speaks up and says "I'm a prostitute and its going to be 100 dollars for my service." The man is stunned and saddened that she didn't really like him. He gives her the money and they both sit there awkwardly. The woman tells him that she is ready to leave and the man replies "I'm a taxi driver and its going to be 150 dollars for the ride here and back." 
So a blind man walks into a bar and a chair.... and a table....
Helen Keller walks into a bar ... and then a table...  and then a chair.
A guy walks into a bar He tells the bar tender "give me six shots of the strongest alcohol you have." the bar tender replies "that's quite an order, you must be celebrating something." "I am!" said the man "I just had my first blowjob." The bartender laughs and says "hell for your first blowjob I will buy you a seventh shot!" The man replies "if the first six don't get the taste out of my mouth, I doubt a seventh would help."I stole this from a friend. I hope he doesn't reddit. 
A married couple walks into a bar. 
American Pharroah walks into a bar The bartender says " i'm not even going to ask..."
A skeleton walks into a bar and says give me a beer ...and a mop
A skeleton walks into a bar and says give me a beer and a mop. 
Horse walks into a bar Bartender says: "Why the long face?"......Horse responds: "Because my drinking problem is tearing my family apart."
A man walks into a bar with a duck and a biscuit box. He sets the duck on top of the biscuit box on the bar and the duck begins dancing. The barman finds this rather interesting as do the rest of the punters in the pub. They all come round the duck and watch it for ages, and while doing so, buy more and more drink. By the end of the night the bar is full of people watching this amazing duck, still dancing and giving the odd quack now and again. The barman realizes that he hasn't had business this good in a long  time. It is so good that he offers to buy the duck from the man to which the man agrees to sell for 500 pounds. The barman thinks it is a bit expensive but agrees to buy it anyhow. On selling the duck, the man goes home leaving a crowded pub watching his dancing duck. At the end of the night the barman is locking up and the duck is still dancing. The barman thinks oh well time for bed the duck will stop dancing when he wants and the barman goes to bed. In the morning the barman comes down to open up to see the duck still dancing away on the biscuit tin. The barman thinks to himself, he must really like dancing I'll leave him be. People flock far and wide to look at this dancing duck and with that buying drinks. Throughout the day the barman has taken more money then he normally takes in a whole month. The barman is just locking up at the end of the night and the duck is still dancing away. The barman is concerned that his 'investment' might wear himself out as he's been dancing for the past 24 hours. Later that night, the man gets a telephone call; it is the barman  and he exclaims that the duck is a great success and that he has never taking so much money in the last 24 hours, but he says -  "There is one thing... How do you get the duck to stop dancing?"  to which the man replies -- "Oh simple - just take the lid of the  biscuit box and blow out the candle."
So this guy from Morgan Stanley walks into a bar. He orders drink after drink. Downs a dozen or so high-quality glasses of Scotch. Does a few shots of tequila. Maybe grabs a beer at the end of the night.The bar manager sees the condition the guy is in, takes a look at his tab. Sees the total amount of drinks he’s been served. Grabs the bartender aside and asks him a question.“Bartender Ben, how many drinks did you serve that guy?”“Just one,” Bartender Ben says.“Ben! Be straight with me. I’m looking at his tab. Scotches. Shots of Jurado Tequila. A pint of Six Point. You served him a lot more than one drink,” the manager says.“You’re looking at it wrong, my friend. You are adding up all the drinks I served him over the whole night. But at any one time, I only served him one drink,” Bartender Ben explains.Just then the guy from Morgan Stanley looks up. His glass is empty again. “Bartender,” he says. “I’ll have a another.”“See,” says bartender Ben. “Just one at a time.”
A man walks into a bar. By the way, I'm the guy who accidentally knocked over Usain Bolt. Sorry, I'm not good with segways.
Hitler walks into a bar. The owner, surprised to see the German leader at his bar, asks if he’d like his top-notch bourbon on the house. “No thanks,” Hitler replies. “I’ll just take a screwdriver.” One screwdriver turned into 10 before Adolf called it quits and headed home. The next night, Hitler returned to the bar, but this time takes up the owner’s offer on the bourbon. “Even the best vodka can make a man sick if he’s had too many,” says the owner. “It wasn’t the vodka,” Hitler replies. “I blame the juice.”
A piece of rope walks into a bar and asks the bartender for a drink.  The bartender tells the piece of rope that the bar does not "serve their kind".  The piece of rope walks out the bar and ties itself into a knot then walks back into the bar to the same bartender."Aren't you that piece of rope?" asked the bartender."Nope!" Answers the rope.  And the piece of rope hits the bartender on the back of the head with the knot, killing the bartender.  The piece of rope then douses itself with gasoline and lights itself on fire and burns the bar down, along with everyone in it.The End.
A baby seal walks into a bar. The bartender says "what'll ya have"Seal replies "Anything but Canadian Club.
WALKS INTO A BAR MONKEY EATS EVERYTHING A guy walks into a bar with his pet monkey. He orders a drink, and while he's drinking, the monkey jumps all over the place, eating everything behind the bar. Then the monkey jumps on to the pool table and swallows a billiard ball.The bartender screams at the guy, "Your monkey just ate the cue ball off my pool table -- whole!""Sorry," replied the guy. "He eats everything in sight, the little bastard. I'll pay for everything."The man finishes his drink, pays and leaves.Two weeks later, he's in the bar with his pet monkey, again. He orders a drink, and the monkey starts running around the bar. The monkey finds a maraschino cherry on the bar. He grabs it, sticks it up his ass, pulls it out and eats it.The bartender is disgusted. "Did you see what your monkey did now?" he asks."Yeah," replies the guy. "He still eats everything in sight, but ever since he swallowed that cue ball, he measures stuff first."
A Roman walks into a bar, holds up two fingers and says, "Five beers please!"
A man walks into a bar ...and has a concussion.
A man who has a penis which he calls 'Roy' walks into a bar His mate turns around, "How are you?""Not too bad mate.""And how's Roy?""Oh, feeling a bit *stiff* today!"
A grasshopper walks into a bar And the bartender says "I have a shot named after you"The grasshopper replies "you have a shot named Steve?!"My bartender friend told me this, thought I should share
A man walks into a bar.. A guy walks into a bar and sees a sign that reads:Cheese Sandwich: $1.50Chicken Sandwich: $2.50Hand Job: $10.00He checks his wallet and beckons to the sexy bartender."Are you the one who gives the hand jobs?" he asks."Yes," she purrs. "I am.""Well, wash your fucking' hands," says the man. "I want a cheese sandwich!"
Helen Keller walks into a bar ... and a table... and a wall...
A man walks into a bar.. A guy walks into a bar and announces that he can close his eyes and name what kind of alcohol he is drinking and how old it is, just by taste and smell.A drunken guy at the bar says, "I bet I can give you a drink that you can't name.""You're on," replies the guy, "as long as you pay."So the drunken guy puts a drink on the table. The guy sips it, gags and spits it out. "This tastes like piss!""Yeah," says the drunken guy, "now guess how old I am."
What's your best "A guy walks into a bar" joke 
A man walks into a bar The bartender says,'I am fucking done with all these jokes!'.
A Roman walks into a bar ...holds up two fingers and says, "Five beers please".
An Imgurian walks into a bar REPOST
A guy walks into a bar carrying a box under his arm. The bartender looks up and asks him what he wants to drink then asks him what he is carrying around in the box. The guy just says "Oh it's nothing" and drinks his drink. The bartender persists and asks him again about the box. The guy relents and opens up the box and a tiny man pops out, bows and starts playing Chopin on a tiny piano. The bartender is amazed and asks the man where he came across such an amazing oddity. The man tells him there is a genie outside granting wishes. The bartender runs outside sees the genie and immediately asks for a million bucks. The genie says "Your wish had been granted". All of the sudden a million ducks appear and begin quacking. The bartender, confused, walks back inside and tells the man about all the ducks outside. The man says "I think the genie is hard of hearing, do you really think I would ask for a twelve inch pianist?"
Guy walks into a bar Metal bar. Ouch
A man walks into a bar on the roof of a skyscraper. He sits down and orders a drink. A drunk hobbles over next to him and asks him "Ha-have you ever been here before?" "No." The man replies, "This is my first time here." "I love this place!" Slurs the drunk. "Wanna know why?" "Sure." The man says. "There is a wind that comes through the city and shoots right up this building. You can jump out the window and fall five stories and the wind brings you right back up!" "You are full of it." The man responds. "I'll bet you!" Counters the drunk. "I will go jump out the window and when the wind brings me back up you have to buy me a beer!" "Deal." The drunk runs and jumps out the window and sure enough he falls five stories and the wind brings him right back up. "That's amazing!" Exclaims the man. "You owe me a beer." Slurs the drunk. "Ya ya sure sure. Bartender give the guy a beer. I have to try this." The man drops some money on the counter for the beer and runs and jumps out the window falling to his death. The bartender looks at the drunk and says "You are a real asshole when you are drunk Superman.
A guy walks into a bar with a gun and asks out loud "who had sex with my wife!?" A voice up the back said, "you don't have enough bullets!"
A man that can understand animals walks into a bar ...and he yells it out for the whole bar to hear. The bartender says to the man, "come out back to the barn and let's see wat good can do."The man follows him to the barn upon seeing a cow. It moans "moooooo"Curiously the bartender asks "what did he say". The man explains "the cow said he's tired of giving 12 ounces of milk a day."They continued walking. When they reached the pigpen, the pig snarled "oink! Oink!"  Once again, the bartender asked the man what the pig had said to which the man replied "he said the mud it always to hit when he gets in". The bartender now believes the man and they steered to return to the bar. On the way back, they crossed paths with a goat. "BAHH" it said. The bartender quickly exclaims "Don't listen to her! It was only once and we were drunk!"
A man walks into a bar with an ostrich and a cat He sits down at a table and a waitress walks over to him to take his order."I'll have a 16oz Steak with all the trimmings and a bottle of champagne." he says.The waitress nods and turns towards the ostrich, who seemed to not be quite sure where they were."Oh! Uh, I'll, um... I want, uh, I dunno, uuuuuuhhhhhhhhh, I'll just have what he had." Writing down the order again she looks to the cat."Yeah I'll have the same. But I'm not paying for it! I won't pay a single penny." He said as he turned his nose up at her.The waitress smiles and walks off to the kitchen. She appears again later with three huge meals and 3 bottles of champagne.After the man and his companions had finished their meal the waitress returned to the table to ask him if there was anything else. The man said no and she went to fetch the bill."That'll be £164.95 please."The man reached into his pocket and pulled out £164.95 exactly in cash and placed it in the waitress's hand.She looked up at him in shock and asked him how he could possibly have the exact money ready for her."Oh thats a funny story actually, I found an old lamp the other day and a Genie popped out of it and granted me three wishes. My first wish was to always have the exact money in cash readily in my pocket whenever I needed it.""And the second and third wishes?" Inquired the waitress."I wished for a dumb bird with long legs and a tight pussy."
A man walks into a bar.. Ouch.
Red hot chilli peppers bassist Flea walks into a bar ... and bumps into another chap who also likes to keep Bees ([context](https://www.reddit.com/r/Music/comments/3h9zi9/chili_peppers_bassist_starts_apiary_fleas/)) &nbsp;They get chatting about their shared passion and the following conversation ensues:   &nbsp; Random Bee Keeper: "How many bees have you got Mr Flea from Red Hot Chilli Peppers??" &nbsp;>Flea: "I've got 200,000 bees” &nbsp;Random Bee Keeper: "Not bad - How many hives have you got?" &nbsp;>Flea: "I've got 50 hives" &nbsp;Random Bee Keeper: "So, 50 hives; 200,000 bees?" &nbsp;>Flea: "Yeah. How may bees have you got?" &nbsp;Random Bee Keeper: "I've got a million bees" &nbsp;>Flea: "**WOW!!! A MILLION bees?!**" &nbsp;Random Bee Keeper: "Yeah" &nbsp;>Flea: "How many hives have you got?" &nbsp;Random Bee Keeper: "Just the one" &nbsp;>Flea: "**WHAT!!!!! A million bees and only one hive?!?!?**" &nbsp;Random Bee Keeper: "Yeah, fuck 'em. They're only bees..."
A young man walks into a bar. …and notices a large jar filled to the brim with $10 bills. The man approaches the bartender and asks, "What's up with the jar?""Well, you pay $10, and if you pass three tests, then you get all the money.""What are the three tests?" asks the man"Gotta pay first."So the guy gives him the $10 bucks, and the bartender adds it to the jar."OK, here's what you have to do. First, you have to drink that whole bottle of pepper tequila -- the WHOLE thing at once -- and you can't make a face while doing it. Second, there's a pit bull chained up out back with a sore tooth. You have to remove the tooth with your bare hands. Third, there is a 90-year-old woman upstairs who's never had an orgasm in her life. You gotta make things right for her.""Well, I know I've paid my $10 bucks," says the man, "but I'm not an idiot. No wonder you've collected so much money -- that's impossible!"The new guy proceeds to drink several whiskeys, and eventually, he gets up his nerve."Wherez zat teeqeelah?" he slurs.He grabs the bottle of pepper tequila with both hands and downs it, gulp by gulp. Tears are streaming down his cheeks, but he doesn't make a face. Next, he staggers out back. Everyone in the bar hears a huge scuffle outside -- barking, yelping and growling, then silence.Just when they think the man must be dead, he staggers back into the bar with his shirt ripped and gashes across his body."NOW," he says, "wherez at ol' lady with the sore tooth
A psychic walks into a bar it was then that everybody realized she was a fraud.
A man walks into a bar with an octopus He goes up to the bartender and puts the octopus on the bar. The man says to the bartender, "I bet you $100 that this octopus can play any instrument in the bar." The bartender points to a piano in the corner and says, "Alright, let's hear it." So, the man puts the octopus in front of the piano and it gets fancy, starts playing some Beethoven, then Piano Man to get the crowd really going. After a raucous applause from the bar the man goes to the bar tender with his hand extended.The bartender says, "Wait, a sec." He goes to the back and comes out with a guitar that he hands to the octopus. The octopus tunes it a little bit, gives a strum, and then really takes it away with some Freebird. The crowd loves it. The man walks up to the bartender and says, "Alright the crowd loves him you gotta pay up!"The bartender says to him, "Hold on, let me get another." He goes to the back, comes out with a clarinet, and hands it to the octopus.The octopus grabs it and sloppily puts it in its mouth then begins to play. It gets through it but not too well and this makes the man nervous. He goes up to the bartender and demands his winnings."Hold on," says the bartender, "one more, I promise!"He goes to the back and comes out with bagpipes, then hands it to the octopus.The octopus looks at them for a second, begins to wrap it's tentacles all around the bagpipes, and squeezes making the bagpipes wheeze.The man goes up to the octopus and nervously says, "Well, can you play it?""Play it?", asks the octopus, "Once I get the pajamas off I'm gonna fuck it!"
An old man walks into a bar. And orders a beer. The bartender notices the guy's head is the size of a cue ball."I got to ask, sir," says the bartender. "What happened?"The old guy sighs and tells him, "My ship was torpedoed by the Germans in WWII. A mermaid rescued me and promised to grant me three wishes. For my first wish, I asked to return to the States. My second wish was to have all the money I would ever need. Finally, my third wish was to have sex with the mermaid.""That doesn't sound too bad," says the bartender. "Then what happened?""Well," sighs the man, "mermaids can't have sex, so I asked her if I could just have a little head
A blind man walks into a bar And a table. And a chair.
A psychologist walks into a bar "Son. Of. A. Bitch. He actually came."He made his way towards the bar. "Sup fellas. Sup Micky, glass of Stella please mate.""So how's your week been pal?" Micky asks.The man lets out a sigh. "Been a rough week man. Rough fucking week. Thanks mate keep the change. Monday. Fucking Monday man, a part of the roof came in and I called in a repairman to sort it out. Lad was called Andrew and he was a fucking disaster. Trainwreck of a fucking job man, this fucking roofs gonna cave in next time it rains.""Rough ride man," Phil says, whilst putting his hand on the mans shoulder, "I know how you feel. Tuesday man, fucking Tuesday. Garden path needed sorting so called out a repairman and this fucking Andrew guy came...""Curly hair, mid fourties, with the goatee?""...Yeah that fucking bastard, is that the guy you had come to do your roof mate?""Yeah sounds like it.""Fuck man, anyway, he made a fucking hash of this garden path. Can't even let the kids play out in the garden cos of it.""Another Stella please Micky. Did you hear about what happened on Thursday? Fuck. My. Life.""No," said Phil. "What happened mate?""Fucking washer broke and that fucking Andrew guy came out. Jack of all trades he says, more like jacking off in your face," he says whilst doing a wanking motion with his left hand, "now I have no washer, no money, nothing. And Friday, he came back and fucking charged me for extra 'repairs'.""Feel you bro," said Phil."Hope I never have to deal with this Andrew fella again, absoutely disgusting service he provides." says the man.Just then, a man from the other end of the bar comes over. "You talking about Andrew?""Yeah Andrew, the repairman. You know him mate?""Yeah, Andy man. He aint no *handyman*."
A string walks into a bar ...and the bar tender says "Your kind isn't welcome here.", so the string walks outside, ties himself in a knot, cuts off the tip of his head, and goes back in. The bar tender asks, "Weren't you here just a minute ago?" to which string replies, "Frayed Knot."
A guy walks into a bar with a gun he says "Which one of you bastards fucked my wife?" and a small voice from the back of the room says "You haven't got enough bullets"
A pirate walks into a bar and he has a steering wheel coming from his pants. The bartender says "Hey you've got a steering wheel coming from out of your pants." The pirate says "Arrrrrr and it's driving me nuts."
So a pirate walks into a bar.  The bartender notices he has a large ship wheel on what looks like his belt buckle.  The pirate tries to sit at the bar, but the wheel is too large for him to be able to comfortably sit.  The bartender says, "Hey, you're having trouble because of that wheel on your crotch."  The pirate replies, "Aye.  It's drivin' me nuts."
A man walks into a bar.. "Ow, my head" he says.
A man walks into a bar And the bartender says, "Hey do you want me to give you all the money in that tip jar?" Seeing the full tip jar, the man said yes. The bartender went on to say, "There are three things you have to do. One, drink all the beer from this jug." The bartender brought out a very large jug of beer. "Two, there is a pit bull outside with a loose tooth. Get the tooth out and bring it back here." The man nods. "Three, there is an old lady upstairs who has never experienced sex. Go upstairs and have sex with her. And that's it."Without words, the man took the huge jug of beer, and drank it all. One down.Then, the man went outside, and didn't come back for about 20 minutes.The bartender was surprised to see the man return unharmed, and say, "So there's an old lady upstairs with a loose tooth?"
I guy walks into a bar ...as he walks in he notices that there are pieces of meat hanging from the ceiling. He sits down on the bar stool, and as he orders a drink asks the barman; "what's with all the meat hanging from the ceiling?" The barman replies; "Oh, that's a little promotion we have going on. Anyone who can jump up and touch the meat gets free drinks all night. But, if they miss, they have to buy everyone else's drinks all night." The guy looks intrigued. "So" says the barman, "want to give it a shot?". "No thanks", replies the guy; "the steaks are too high."
A man walks into a bar. Now he watches where he's going.
Austin Powers walks into a bar and says 'Could I get a large aperitif?'The bartender replies 'no, I don't think so'
A software test engineer walks into a bar He orders a beerHe orders two beersHe orders 0 beersHe orders 999,999,999 beersHe orders a treeHe orders #@$SDFFA$#@! beersHe walks away without paying
Schrödinger's cat walks into a bar. And doesn't.
QA engineer walks into a bar (x-post from r/programmerHumor) Orders a beer. Orders 0 beers. Orders 999999999 beers. Orders a lizard. Orders -1 beers. Orders a sfdeljknesv.
A termite walks into a bar and says, 'Is the bar tender here?' 
A yoga instructor walks into a bar he orders a pint, drinks it fast, then tells the barwoman that she's far too fat and that he recommends some Yoga. On hearing this, a local at the bar whispers in his ear, "look mate, that wasn't very nice, I think you should leave." The Yoga instructor looks him up and down, ponders his options and utters: "Namaste"....*Sorry* redditors. You love it.
A man walks into a bar.. A man walks into a bar, sits down in front of the bartender and looks around.He says” If I can show you the most amazing thing you’ve ever seen can I get a free drink?”Bartender replies “I don’t know, I’ve seen some pretty amazing things in my day……sure, if you can top them, free drink on me”The man reaches into his back pocket and pulls out a Rat, reaches into his other pocket and brings out a tiny piano. Sets them both down on the bar.The Rat sits down at the piano and starts stretching his fingers and stretching his arms. Then it starts playing the blues.The bartender says ”HOLY SHIT! That is the most amazing thing I have ever seen! Free drink on me buddy, whatever you like!”So the man orders his drink, grabs the rat, picks up the piano and sits down in a booth to enjoy his beverage.A little while later he finishes his drink and heads back up to the bar. He says to the bartender “If I can show you something even more amazing than that can I have free drinks all night??”The bartender thinks about it, and says “sure…you know what, if you can top that free drinks on me all night!”So the man reaches into his back pocket pulls out the rat, reaches into his other pocket and pulls out the piano.Rat sits down at the piano and starts stretching his fingers, and stretching his arms. Then the man reaches into his front pocket and pulls out a bull frog.The Rat starts playing the blues and the bull frog starts singing the blues!“HOLY SHIT!!” says the bartender. “God DAMN, Ok buddy, drinks on me all night, whatever you want!!”Sitting in the corner of the bar is a sharply dressed young man, gold chain, greased hair, fancy shoes. The young man says “Sir, excuse me…but how much for the bullfrog?”The man replies “sorry buddy, I could never sell my bullfrog”Young man says”$1,000, right now for the bullfrog”The man replies “no, I couldn’t sell him, too much sentimental attachment”Young man says “okay, okay…$10,000 dollars!!”The man replies “no son, I just can’t sell him!”Young man says “$50,000 cash! Right now, I’ve got it in my briefcase, $50,000 for the bullfrog!!”The man thinks for a moment, looks at the young man and replies, “Ok, 50 grand? Fine… I will sell you the bullfrog”Young man opens his briefcase and reveals the pile of cash, hands it to the man. The man gives him the bullfrog and young man leaves on his way, whistling as he goes.After he leaves, the bartender comes over and says, “hey….I don’t mean to tell you your business…. But I think you could have gotten way more than fifty thousand for that bullfrog!!”The man replies “Naaah, don’t worry about it. The Rats a ventriloquist” 
A forgetful guy walks into a bar ..Hm?.Oh shit,I've forgotten it!.
A guy walks into a bar. he gets a concussion and dies soon after in the hospital.
Guy walks into a bar "gimme ten shots." The bartender starts pouring, the guy starts drinking. The bartender asks "Celebrating something?" The guy says "First blowjob. But keep those coming, I can still taste it."
A nail walks into a bar And gets hammered.
A skeleton walks into a bar and asks the barman for a pint of beer and a mop.
A man walks into a bar and see three bitches. Because he's a misogynist.
Polio walks into a bar and no one walks out. 
A man walks into a bar with his pet monkey A guy walks into a bar with his pet monkey. He orders a drink, and while he's drinking, the monkey jumps all over the place, eating everything behind the bar. Then the monkey jumps on to the pool table and swallows a billiard ball.The bartender screams at the guy, "Your monkey just ate the cue ball off my pool table -- whole!""Sorry," replied the guy. "He eats everything in sight, the little bastard. I'll pay for everything."The man finishes his drink, pays and leaves.Two weeks later, he's in the bar with his pet monkey, again. He orders a drink, and the monkey starts running around the bar. The monkey finds a maraschino cherry on the bar. He grabs it, sticks it up his ass, pulls it out and eats it.The bartender is disgusted. "Did you see what your monkey did now?" he asks."Yeah," replies the guy. "He still eats everything in sight, but ever since he swallowed that cue ball, he measures stuff first."
Hellen Keller walks into a bar then into a chair, and then into a table.
Meek Mill's diss track walks into a bar Bartender takes one look at 'em and says, "We don't serve trash."
A man walks into a bar A man walks into a half empty bar and says to the bartender “If I show you something amazing will you give me a free drink?” “You know bud,” the world-weary bartender says, “I’ve been in this business for a long, long time and it will take something pretty freaking special to impress me but if you think you can give it a shot”.The man smiles and lifts a carry-on type suitcase onto the bar, opens it, reaches in and withdraws a small grand piano and places it on the bar. He reaches in again and this time takes out a small matching piano bench and put it on the bar in front of the piano. Next he takes out several pieces of sheet music appropriately sized and puts that on the piano.  He stops and looks up at the bartender, smiles and says “Prepared to be amazed!” Then with a flourish he reaches in and gently removes a very small man wearing a tuxedo and places him on the bench. After a few seconds of getting himself comfortable and arranging the music he starts playing Beethoven’s Moonlight Sonata.The bartender’ drops open as he listens  to the music. After a minute he says “Wow! I gotta say it. I am impressed. What are you drinking?”“Bourbon,” the man responds enthusiastically.The bartender is mesmerized by the music and as the musician moves through the sonata’s movements he keeps refilling the man’s glass. A small crowd has gathered and when he finished the people applauded wildly. The little musician didn’t stop there but kept playing. Mozart, Bach, Joplin and ended his performance with a pedal to the metal version of Great Balls of Fire. When he was finished the man put everything back in the case and started to leave but the bartender grabbed his arm and stopped him.“You gotta tell me where he came from,” he demanded  “Well,” said the man “that’s a funny story. It happen a couple of years ago when I was visiting family in Ireland. I went out for a walk one day in a wooded area and heard a voice calling out. A little squeaky voice. He seemed to be calling for help. So I left the path a come across a leprechaun who had his head stuck under a large rock.” He stopped and looked at the bartender but he said nothing so the he continued. “The rock was big and it took me a few minutes to move it but when I did he jumped up and gave me a hug and said he was very grateful for what I did and would grant me a wish”.“And this is what you wished for?” said the flabbergasted bartender.“Not really,” said the man. “The rock sitting on his head must have damaged his hearing and so I ended up with a 12” pianist.  
A middle aged man walks into a bar and trips.
A blind man walks into a bar with a seeing eye dog. Immediately when he gets inside, he begins to swing the dog over his head by his leash.The bartender yells " Hey ! Stop !, WTF do you think you are doing ?"the blind man said "Just looking around" 
A jumper cable walks into a bar The bartender says "I'll serve you, but dont start anything!"
An innocent rope walks into a bar nervous and not knowing what to expect. A fight breaks out and the rope is caught in the scuffle. Scared for his life he screams and squirms trying to run but no luck. The cops show up to arrest the brawlers and ask the rope "Son you think your some kind of badass"... With twisted legs and frazzled hair the rope replies "No sir, I'm a frayed knot"
A Roman walks into a bar He holds up two fingers and says "Five drinks please!"
A guy walks into a bar There's a sign there that reads: ~~~~~~~~~~~~~Grilled Cheese - $2Handjob - $10~~~~~~~~~~~~~He asks the petite bartender "Are you the little lady that gives the handjobs?"Bartneder says "Why yes I am hun."Guy says "well, wash those fuckin' hands and make me a grilled cheese"
Caesar walks into a bar He comes to a bartender and says - Martini, please.Bartender responds with a question - Double or standard?Caesar looks at him and answers with disdain - If I wanted a martinus, I would've said so.
A roman walks into a bar A Roman walks into a bar and asks for a martinusThe bartender asks "don't you mean a martini?"The Roman replies "If I wanted a double, I would have asked for it!"
A roman legionnaire walks into a bar holds up two fingers and says, "Five beers, please."
A man walks into a bar.. ..all the bottles fall down. 
A man walks into a bar ... ouch.
An horse walks into a bar. The customers get up and leave, recognizing the danger that may cause an animal of that size.
A pirate walks into a bar. He has a giant ship's steering wheel shoved down the seat of his pants. How walks up to the bar and sits down on a stool, but the wheel gets in the way. After about ten minutes of awkwardly adjusting himself, he gets on. Being a pirate he orders a glass of rum. As he goes to take a drink, his hand hits the wheel and the drink falls to the ground, breaking the glass and wasting the rum."Sorry about spilling me drink, I'll pay the cost o' that glass." He says to the bartender."Oh don't worry, I got it." the bartender says. "If you don't mind me asking, why do you have a  steering wheel down your pants? Doesn't it bother you?"The pirate replies "Aye, it's driving me nuts."
Jim walks into a bar with his arm in a sling. He sits next to his friend Bill and orders two shots of whiskey.Bill asks him, "How'd you break your arm, Jim?"Jim downs a shot of whiskey and says, "Well, you see, about two years ago--"Bill interrupts him, "Woah woah, two YEARS! You didn't break your arm two YEARS ago!"Jim scowls. "You gonna let me tell the story, or not? Anyway...""About two years ago, I was driving down Rural 80. It was almost sunset but I was hours away from the city. My car runs out of gas outside a farm out in the middle of the fields.I go knock on the door of the farmhouse, hoping they'll let me use the phone. A complete knockout of a lady answers the door, sexiest thing you ever saw. Said their phone's out of service, but I'm welcome to use the guest bedroom overnight and walk for gas in the morning.She lives alone, and offers to make us both dinner. We eat, we talk, it's real pleasant. After dinner she walks over to me, leans in close and asks,"Is there... *anything else* I can do for you?"Well, dinner was good, and the dessert topped it off real nice, so I patted my stomach and told her I was fine, but thanks all the same.We retire to the living room, and she offers me the big soft recliner. Pours us some scotch, we drink and laugh. It starts getting late, she walks over to me, stands behind the chair and rubs my shoulders. She asks, "Is there... *anything else* I can do for you?"Well the shoulder rub feels mighty nice, so I tell her I'm fine, but thanks all the same.It's real late now and I gotta walk for gas in the morning. I retire to her guest room, settle in and get comfy. Right as I'm dozing off, the door creaks open. She's standing in the doorway wearing pajamas that're almost transparent. She flips her hair over her shoulder and asks, "Is there... *anything else* I can do for you?"It'd been a long day, I'm tired, I yawn and tell her I'm fine, but thanks all the same. In the morning I go get gas and drive on to the city."Jim sits in silence, his story done. Bill, frustrated, asks Jim, "What in the hell does that have to do with your broken ARM?!"Jim downs his second shot of whiskey, turns to Bill, and says, "Yesterday I was cleaning my gutters out, when it finally hit me what that lady was getting at. Slapped my forehead so hard I fell off the ladder and broke my arm.
A mushroom walks into a bar The bartender says: "Get out of here! We don't serve your kind here."The mushroom says: "Why not man? I really am a FunGi."
Tough guy walks into a bar ..With his pet alligator on a leash. After a few shots of whiskey he smacks the alligator on the snout making the beast open it's mouth, then takes out his pecker and puts it in the gator's mouth. He says "I bet none of you fucking pansies has the balls to do that."The bar goes quiet for a moment, then a small guy at the other end of the bar raises his hand and in an effeminate voice says "I will, as long as you don't hit me first."
A horse walks into a bar The bartender says, "sorry we don't serve horses here."The horse says, "Do you serve beer?"The bartender replies, "well yes."The horse sits down, "Then I don't see the problem here."
A priest, a rapist and a pedophile walks into a bar. He sits down and has a drink.
Bill Cosby walks into a bar The rest is a blur!
Schrödinger's cat walks into a bar And doesn't.
A old wise man walks into a bar And all of the lights are turned off. He can make out a small figure in front of him tending the counter.The old man makes his way toward the counter and asks for 10 shots of whisky.Suddenly the lights turn on and there's a nigger next to the bartender. He didn't see him because he was black and niggers suck.
A man walks into a bar with a monkey As he's sitting there having his drink, he says to the bartender "I bet you $20 that my monkey can pee in a shot glass without getting any urine elsewhere"The bartender accepts the man's challenge and puts a shot glass across the bar.The monkey starts running around the bar while pissing. Urine gets everywhere."WHOA WHOA WHOA!" Yells the bartender, "you're not getting any money, what the hell was that?"The man smiles and says "the bar down the street bet me $500 that my monkey could piss all over your bar and you wouldn't mind" 
Cowboy walks into a bar A young cowboy, new to town, walks into the saloon wanting to make an impression. There's a pianist with his back to the cowboy playing a tune. There are two candles on either end of the piano. The young gun draws quickly and shoots out the candle on the left hand side. The bar goes silent, but the pianist keeps on playing. So the cowboy draws again and shoots out the right hand candle. There are gasps from the bar, but the pianist keeps playing. So the cowboy draws and shoots the hat off the pianist ... but he just keeps on playing.Dejected, the cowboy sidles up to the bar and orders a drink. The barman looks him in the eye and says"Son, can I give you three pieces of advice""sure""Firstly, I notice you shoot from the hip. You should file down the sight on your gun, 'cause you don't need it and one day it will catch on your holster and get you in trouble""Secondly, get rid of the trigger guard, cause if you're in a fight, you need to shoot as quickly as possible and one day that might just mean the difference between life and death""Thirdly, you should cover your guns in vaseline""Vaseline? Why?""Cause when Wyatt Earp finishes playing the piano, he's gonna shove those things up your ass"
A grasshopper walks into a bar The bartender immediately says, "Hey!  We got a drink named after you!"  The grasshopper looks at him quizzically and says, "You've got a drink named Leonard?"
A musician walks into a bar ... He takes some notes and leaves. 
A blind guy walks into a bar not a joke, this happens all the time.
A man walks into a bar He walks up to the bar and asks who's Lamborghini is parked in the front.  The bartender replies "It's no ones, it's part of a contest we're having."  Intrigued the patron asks about the contest.  "The contest is simple - put 20 bucks in this jar - and you a chance to win the car, you just need to do 3 tasks?""What are the 3 tasks" asks the man "Well 1st you need to chug this bottle of tequila, 2nd you need to go and pull the owners dogs loose tooth out, it's been aching for a few weeks but no one wants to go near it since he's a very aggressive rottweiler, and last there's this old lady that lives upstairs, she hasn't been fucked in ages and could use a good pounding...If you complete all three you get the lambo" the bartender explains   "Ha, that doesn't sound too bad for 20$ i'll give it a shot" he says as he slaps 20$ on the counter  So the bartender hands him the bottle and the man chugs it down...then he stumbles out - the whole bar starts hearing yelling, screaming, screeching, pounding, and finally a loud grunt and silence.   The man walks back in smiles, and asks.. "So, wheres the lady with the loose tooth"
A man who is 1/3rd Scottish, 1/3rd Irish, and 1/3rd Cherokee Red Indian walks into a bar ...and relates to the bartender the proportions of his ancestry and descent.Bartender: (spits out his drink and cocks a shotgun) "Noooooo! GTFO! The alcoholism nature of your tri-part highbreed race will *drank* this entire bar dry to death!"
A man walks into a bar He bruises his head and decides to pay more attention to where he is walking. 
Yet another guy walks into a bar This one however, is a proper dapper gentleman.  "Inn-keep! Give me a shot of everything you have on your top shelf!" he bellows in flawless English. Sure enough, the barman pours him a shot of everything, which he proceeds to down, one after the other. "I shouldn't have done that with what I've got." says the gent as the barman is ringing up his tab."Why, what've you got?" asks the barman. "About 50p." says the guy.
A man walks into a bar ...exam, and fails miserably, thus concluding that the path of practicing law was not the path for him to take. 
So, a man walks into a bar and he gets a bruise on his head.(Yes, I know its a bad joke.)
A man walks into a bar ...with a gun, and shouts, "Who fucked my wife, I'm gonna kill him!" Another man at the bar turns around and says "You ain't got enough bullets mate!"
A shaman walks into a bar. NSFW The bartender says to the shaman, "congratulations, you just volunteered to pay everyone's tab." The shaman replies, "congratulations, you can go fuck yourself."Nine months later, the bartender gives birth to the person who will go on to invent self-replicating beer. All rejoiced.
A man walks into a bar  (NSFW) A man walks into a bar with a monkey.The bartender asks "hey man, whats with the monkey?"The man replies "watch this!" The man then slaps the monkey and then the monkey starts blowing him."Wow that's pretty cool" says the bartender."You wanna try?" asks the man.The bartender says "yeah sure! ... Just don't slap me so hard."
A man walks into a bar and orders two beers He finishes one of them and calls over the bartender."Give me two more beers," the man says."You got a full beer sitting there," says the bartender."That's for my buddy," the man replies.The bartender thinks its strange, but serves up two more beers.The man downs one of them and again calls for the bartender."Gimme two more beers," the man says.The bartender says, "Look, you already have two full beers sitting there. Just drink those.""They're for my buddy," the man replies.The bartender relents and serves up two more beers.The man downs one of them and calls for the bartender once again."Gimme two more beers," the man says."I can't give you anymore," the bartender says.  "You have three full beers sitting next to you already.""They're for by buddy," the man says."I hate to break it to you," the bartender says, "but I don't think your buddy is showing up.""He better be," the man replies. "He's paying!"
A man walks into a bar (NSFW) He orders nine shots.The bartender apprehensive asks, "whats the occasion?"The man mumbles, "first blowjob."The bartender brightens up and pours nine shots and lays them out.The man downs all nine in a row.The bartender still smiling says, "hey, make it an even ten. On the house."The man shakes his head, "No thanks. If the first nine didn't wash out the taste, I doubt one more would help."
A man walks into a bar And tells a terrible joke about shooting your father. He will never do that again.
A sad horse walks into a bar, and the bartender asks: "Why the long face?"
A roman walks into a bar, holds two fingers up and says "5 beers please" 
A Roman man walks into a bar and holds up 2 fingers and says "5 beers thanks".
A portobello mushroom walks into a bar and asks for a vodka on the rocks. The bartender swiftly prepares one for him but soon after heads out back to speak with the manager. After the bartender comes back, the mushroom asks for another drink, but the manager interrupts him, insisting that he leaves. The mushroom ignores him and grabs a beer from behind the counter. The manager snatches it from his hands and demands that he leaves. The mushroom replies "Why should I? I'm a fun guy."
a man walks into a bar. a man walks into a bar and notices a sign on the wall from the owner that says " if you can make my horse laugh, you will get a free beer. the man asks the bartender to take him to the horse. a minute later the comes out and you could hear the horse laughing. the bartender asks the man " how did you make the horse laugh? " , the man replies " thats a secret. the man drinks his free beer and left. the next day, the same man walks into the bar and sees a different sign that says " if you can make my horse cry, you get a free drink ". the man accepted the challenge and went into the back where the horse was. a min later, the man came out and the bartender was surprised to hear the horse cry. as the bartender gives the man his free drink, curious and frustrated , he asks the man " you got to tell me how you did it, youve got to tell me how you made the horse laugh and now, cry ". the man replies " yesterday i told the horse my penis was bigger than his and today i showed him ".
A man walks into a bar. "Son. Of. A. Bitch. He actually came."He made his way towards the bar. "Sup fellas. Sup Micky, glass of Stella please mate.""So how's your week been pal?" Micky asks.The man lets out a sigh. "Been a rough week man. Rough fucking week. Thanks mate keep the change. Monday. Fucking Monday man, a part of the roof came in and I called in a repairman to sort it out. Lad was called Andrew and he was a fucking disaster. Trainwreck of a fucking job man, this fucking roofs gonna cave in next time it rains.""Rough ride man," Phil says, whilst putting his hand on the mans shoulder, "I know how you feel. Tuesday man, fucking Tuesday. Garden path needed sorting so called out a repairman and this fucking Andrew guy came...""Curly hair, mid fourties, with the goatee?""...Yeah that fucking bastard, is that the guy you had come to do your roof mate?""Yeah sounds like it.""Fuck man, anyway, he made a fucking hash of this garden path. Can't even let the kids play out in the garden cos of it.""Another Stella please Micky. Did you hear about what happened on Thursday? Fuck. My. Life.""No," said Phil. "What happened mate?""Fucking washer broke and that fucking Andrew guy came out. Jack of all trades he says, more like jacking off in your face," he says whilst doing a wanking motion with his left hand, "now I have no washer, no money, nothing. And Friday, he came back and fucking charged me for extra 'repairs'.""Feel you bro," said Phil."Hope I never have to deal with this Andrew fella again, absoutely disgusting service he provides." says the man.Just then, a man from the other end of the bar comes over. "You talking about Andrew?""Yeah Andrew, the repairman. You know him mate?""Yeah, Andy man. He aint no *handyman*."
A vampire walks into a bar He goes up to the barkeep and asks "Do you have any vintage blood?"  The Barkeep shakes his head no, "Sorry we stopped serving blood a few weeks ago."The vampire then says he will wait for his friends before moving on to another bar.A few minutes later another vampire enters and again asks the barkeep for a glass of blood.  Getting the same reply he joins his friend at the table to wait for the third.  When the third vampire walks in the barkeep is already agitated that a table is being taken up with no tab and stops the vampire short. "I already told your two friends we don't serve blood anymore, can you guys leave so I can free up the table for others?"The third vampire said "No, no! I need a cup of hot water, good sir! Near a boil if possible."The barkeep, looking very confused asked. "Why would you need a cup of hot water?"The vampire pulled out a used tampon and with a smile said "Tea time."-optional embelishment-It took the barkeep several hours to clean the vomit from the patrons who witnessed his first sip.
A man walks into a bar "Ouch!"
A blind man walks into a bar "Ow!" he exclaims.

The bartender responds by saying that he doesn't know that drink.
A man walks into a bar Man walks into a bar and sees $100 bills stapled all over the ceiling. He asks the bartender, "what's up with the bills?" Bartender says, "That's part of a bet we have going here. You have to complete three tasks, complete them all and the money is yours. First, see that guy in the corner that looks like Mike Tyson? You have to knock him out in one swing. After that, there is a dog that needs its tooth pulled out back. Last, there is an old woman upstairs that's never had sex, you have to take her virginity"The man says, "I think I can do this, but to knock that guy out, I'm going to need a few drinks. Here's your hundred and my credit card, keep 'em coming." After the man gets pretty loaded, he goes over to the man in the corner and sizes him up, then decides he needs a few more drinks.After another hour of drinking the man is fully loaded. He heads over to the big guy and slurs, "your mother gives good head" and knocks him out in one swing. The other bar patrons cheer him on as the man heads outside to take care of the dog's tooth. A solid 20 minutes go by with the dog yelping and crying in the back. Finally, the man staggers back into the bar and asks "Now, where's the old woman that needs her tooth pulled?"
A man walks into a bar. "Son. Of. A. Bitch. He actually came."He made his way towards the bar. "Sup fellas. Sup Micky, glass of Stella please mate.""So how's your week been pal?" Micky asks.The man lets out a sigh. "Been a rough week man. Rough fucking week. Thanks mate keep the change. Monday. Fucking Monday man, a part of the roof came in and I called in a repairman to sort it out. Lad was called Andrew and he was a fucking disaster. Trainwreck of a fucking job man, this fucking roofs gonna cave in next time it rains.""Rough ride man," Phil says, whilst putting his hand on the mans shoulder, "I know how you feel. Tuesday man, fucking Tuesday. Garden path needed sorting so called out a repairman and this fucking Andrew guy came...""Curly hair, mid fourties, with the goatee?""...Yeah that fucking bastard, is that the guy you had come to do your roof mate?""Yeah sounds like it.""Fuck man, anyway, he made a fucking hash of this garden path. Can't even let the kids play out in the garden cos of it.""Another Stella please Micky. Did you hear about what happened on Thursday? Fuck. My. Life.""No," said Phil. "What happened mate?""Fucking washer broke and that fucking Andrew guy came out. Jack of all trades he says, more like jacking off in your face," he says whilst doing a wanking motion with his left hand, "now I have no washer, no money, nothing. And Friday, he came back and fucking charged me for extra 'repairs'.""Feel you bro," said Phil."Hope I never have to deal with this Andrew fella again, absoutely disgusting service he provides." says the man.Just then, a man from the other end of the bar comes over. "You talking about Andrew?""Yeah Andrew, the repairman. You know him mate?""Yeah, Andy man. He aint no *handyman*."
A horse walks into a bar. The barman says. , "why the long face?"
A man walks into a bar with a loaded gun "All right, anyone here that slept with my wife, please step forward.A man from the back of the bar shouts,"You don't have enough bullets!"
A man walks into a bar He shits in it...Sorry
A horse walks into a bar. The bartender says "why the long face?" The horse says "ohwell my leg is really messed up, so tomorrow they are gunna shoot me in the fuckin head" 
A man walks into a bar. "Son. Of. A. Bitch. He actually came."He made his way towards the bar. "Sup fellas. Sup Micky, glass of Stella please mate.""So how's your week been pal?" Micky asks.The man lets out a sigh. "Been a rough week man. Rough fucking week. Thanks mate keep the change. Monday. Fucking Monday man, a part of the roof came in and I called in a repairman to sort it out. Lad was called Andrew and he was a fucking disaster. Trainwreck of a fucking job man, this fucking roofs gonna cave in next time it rains.""Rough ride man," Phil says, whilst putting his hand on the mans shoulder, "I know how you feel. Tuesday man, fucking Tuesday. Garden path needed sorting so called out a repairman and this fucking Andrew guy came...""Curly hair, mid fourties, with the goatee?""...Yeah that fucking bastard, is that the guy you had come to do your roof mate?""Yeah sounds like it.""Fuck man, anyway, he made a fucking hash of this garden path. Can't even let the kids play out in the garden cos of it.""Another Stella please Micky. Did you hear about what happened on Thursday? Fuck. My. Life.""No," said Phil. "What happened mate?""Fucking washer broke and that fucking Andrew guy came out. Jack of all trades he says, more like jacking off in your face," he says whilst doing a wanking motion with his left hand, "now I have no washer, no money, nothing. And Friday, he came back and fucking charged me for extra 'repairs'.""Feel you bro," said Phil."Hope I never have to deal with this Andrew fella again, absoutely disgusting service he provides." says the man.Just then, a man from the other end of the bar comes over. "You talking about Andrew?""Yeah Andrew, the repairman. You know him mate?""Yeah, Andy man. He aint no *handyman*."
A man walks into a bar. "Son. Of. A. Bitch. He actually came."He made his way towards the bar. "Sup fellas. Sup Micky, glass of Stella please mate.""So how's your week been pal?" Micky asks.The man lets out a sigh. "Been a rough week man. Rough fucking week. Thanks mate keep the change. Monday. Fucking Monday man, a part of the roof came in and I called in a repairman to sort it out. Lad was called Andrew and he was a fucking disaster. Trainwreck of a fucking job man, this fucking roofs gonna cave in next time it rains.""Rough ride man," Phil says, whilst putting his hand on the mans shoulder, "I know how you feel. Tuesday man, fucking Tuesday. Garden path needed sorting so called out a repairman and this fucking Andrew guy came...""Curly hair, mid fourties, with the goatee?""...Yeah that fucking bastard, is that the guy you had come to do your roof mate?""Yeah sounds like it.""Fuck man, anyway, he made a fucking hash of this garden path. Can't even let the kids play out in the garden cos of it.""Another Stella please Micky. Did you hear about what happened on Thursday? Fuck. My. Life.""No," said Phil. "What happened mate?""Fucking washer broke and that fucking Andrew guy came out. Jack of all trades he says, more like jacking off in your face," he says whilst doing a wanking motion with his left hand, "now I have no washer, no money, nothing. And Friday, he came back and fucking charged me for extra 'repairs'.""Feel you bro," said Phil."Hope I never have to deal with this Andrew fella again, absoutely disgusting service he provides." says the man.Just then, a man from the other end of the bar comes over. "You talking about Andrew?""Yeah Andrew, the repairman. You know him mate?""Yeah, Andy man. He aint no *handyman*."
A termite walks into a bar He waits and waits and nobody appears.  He turns to a termite next to him and asks him, "Hey, is the bar tender here?".  The second termite says, "Yeah.  It's okay".
A man walks into a bar "Son. Of. A. Bitch. He actually came."He made his way towards the bar. "Sup fellas. Sup Micky, glass of Stella please mate.""So how's your week been pal?" Micky asks.The man lets out a sigh. "Been a rough week man. Rough fucking week. Thanks mate keep the change. Monday. Fucking Monday man, a part of the roof came in and I called in a repairman to sort it out. Lad was called Andrew and he was a fucking disaster. Trainwreck of a fucking job man, this fucking roofs gonna cave in next time it rains.""Rough ride man," Phil says, whilst putting his hand on the mans shoulder, "I know how you feel. Tuesday man, fucking Tuesday. Garden path needed sorting so called out a repairman and this fucking Andrew guy came...""Curly hair, mid fourties, with the goatee?""...Yeah that fucking bastard, is that the guy you had come to do your roof mate?""Yeah sounds like it.""Fuck man, anyway, he made a fucking hash of this garden path. Can't even let the kids play out in the garden cos of it.""Another Stella please Micky. Did you hear about what happened on Thursday? Fuck. My. Life.""No," said Phil. "What happened mate?""Fucking washer broke and that fucking Andrew guy came out. Jack of all trades he says, more like jacking off in your face," he says whilst doing a wanking motion with his left hand, "now I have no washer, no money, nothing. And Friday, he came back and fucking charged me for extra 'repairs'.""Feel you bro," said Phil."Hope I never have to deal with this Andrew fella again, absoutely disgusting service he provides." says the man.Just then, a man from the other end of the bar comes over. "You talking about Andrew?""Yeah Andrew, the repairman. You know him mate?""Yeah, Andy man. He aint no *handyman*."
A man walks into a bar and sees Hitler. He asks if he can sit with him and ask him some questions, Hitler obliges. After a while the man works up the courage to ask more serious questions. "How many people did you kill?" asks the man. "Six million jews and one birthday clown" Hitler answers.The man's eyes widen."Why the clown?" the man asked, after a long period of silence. Hitler laughs. "I was only joking. See, nobody cares about the Jews!"
A man walks into a bar "Son. Of. A. Bitch. He actually came."He made his way towards the bar. "Sup fellas. Sup Micky, glass of Stella please mate.""So how's your week been pal?" Micky asks.The man lets out a sigh. "Been a rough week man. Rough fucking week. Thanks mate keep the change. Monday. Fucking Monday man, a part of the roof came in and I called in a repairman to sort it out. Lad was called Andrew and he was a fucking disaster. Trainwreck of a fucking job man, this fucking roofs gonna cave in next time it rains.""Rough ride man," Phil says, whilst putting his hand on the mans shoulder, "I know how you feel. Tuesday man, fucking Tuesday. Garden path needed sorting so called out a repairman and this fucking Andrew guy came...""Curly hair, mid fourties, with the goatee?""...Yeah that fucking bastard, is that the guy you had come to do your roof mate?""Yeah sounds like it.""Fuck man, anyway, he made a fucking hash of this garden path. Can't even let the kids play out in the garden cos of it.""Another Stella please Micky. Did you hear about what happened on Thursday? Fuck. My. Life.""No," said Phil. "What happened mate?""Fucking washer broke and that fucking Andrew guy came out. Jack of all trades he says, more like jacking off in your face," he says whilst doing a wanking motion with his left hand, "now I have no washer, no money, nothing. And Friday, he came back and fucking charged me for extra 'repairs'.""Feel you bro," said Phil."Hope I never have to deal with this Andrew fella again, absoutely disgusting service he provides." says the man.Just then, a man from the other end of the bar comes over. "You talking about Andrew?""Yeah Andrew, the repairman. You know him mate?""Yeah, Andy man. He aint no *handyman*."
A man walks into a bar "Son. Of. A. Bitch. He actually came."He made his way towards the bar. "Sup fellas. Sup Micky, glass of Stella please mate.""So how's your week been pal?" Micky asks.The man lets out a sigh. "Been a rough week man. Rough fucking week. Thanks mate keep the change. Monday. Fucking Monday man, a part of the roof came in and I called in a repairman to sort it out. Lad was called Andrew and he was a fucking disaster. Trainwreck of a fucking job man, this fucking roofs gonna cave in next time it rains.""Rough ride man," Phil says, whilst putting his hand on the mans shoulder, "I know how you feel. Tuesday man, fucking Tuesday. Garden path needed sorting so called out a repairman and this fucking Andrew guy came...""Curly hair, mid fourties, with the goatee?""...Yeah that fucking bastard, is that the guy you had come to do your roof mate?""Yeah sounds like it.""Fuck man, anyway, he made a fucking hash of this garden path. Can't even let the kids play out in the garden cos of it.""Another Stella please Micky. Did you hear about what happened on Thursday? Fuck. My. Life.""No," said Phil. "What happened mate?""Fucking washer broke and that fucking Andrew guy came out. Jack of all trades he says, more like jacking off in your face," he says whilst doing a wanking motion with his left hand, "now I have no washer, no money, nothing. And Friday, he came back and fucking charged me for extra 'repairs'.""Feel you bro," said Phil."Hope I never have to deal with this Andrew fella again, absoutely disgusting service he provides." says the man.Just then, a man from the other end of the bar comes over. "You talking about Andrew?""Yeah Andrew, the repairman. You know him mate?""Yeah, Andy man. He aint no *handyman*."
A man walks into a bar  A man walks into a bar, a man walks into a bar, a man walks into a bar, but enough about me ...
A giraffe walks into a bar. He slides up to the bar tender and says "High balls are on me". 
A man walks into a bar and the bartender says: I think you've had enough already.
A sandwich walks into a bar The barman says, "Sorry, we don't serve food here."
A blonde walks into a bar[nsfw] She had recently been divorced, so she was a little sad. She kept drinking and eventually passed out. She was the last customer. Seeing his chance, the bartender, who was also the last employee, decided to have sex with her. The next morning she woke and went back to her house. Next day again she came back to the same bar and started drinking heavily and was again the last customer. The bartender had told this story to his friends and had invited one of them to work late night shift with him. The blonde passes out again and this time both have sex with her. Third day, more of his friends come to the bar and stay late, waiting for the blonde to pass out and have sex. Fourth day, everyone that the bartender knows is there. Fifth day, as the word had spread, whole town was in the bar. But this time she stopped drinking and decided to leave. The bartender was shocked. He asked what happened. She said, I don't know what drink you are serving, but I seem to develop rashes in my pussy...
A red piller, an MRA, and a gamergator walks into a bar The bartender asks him to leave because bars are 21+Credit: /u/reese_ridley
Schrodinger's cat walks into a bar and doesn't.
Guy walks into a bar and asks for a "Lindsay Lohan shot" Bartender asks "What is that?"He replies with "Oh you know, A redheaded-slut with a splash of coke."
A man walks into a bar.. A man walks into a bar and says "ouch"
A woodworm walks into a bar and says, is the bar tender?ba dum tsss
Helen Keller walks into a bar Then a chair, then a table.
A man walks into a bar after losing his job He goes to the bar and sighs.The barman, curious, asks, "What's wrong?" "Man, I've just lost my job," he replied, "I was a candlestick maker and I was tasked to make a candlestick for a royal banquet. I decided, since it was for a royal event, to make the candlestick out of gold. Somehow, I made a hash of it and due to the shortage of gold, my boss fired me on the spot. Anyway, I just wanted to tell you that. It's good to air your problems out in the open. I could drink my own piss, I could, I just don't have a dime to spend on anything."Overhearing the conversation, a shady guy comes over and says, "Look, I will pay for your drinks, but you have to do one thing for me." The man nods and the shady guy continues, "You have to drink a pint of my piss. Only a few people have managed to do it." The man, astounded, couldn't believe what he had just heard, but he was desperate and his lips were as dry as the Sahara Desert so he said, "What the hell, it can't hurt."The barman who knew of the shady guys proposal prior, turned away. "There's no way he's going to complete it," he thought, "No way."The shady guys walks into the toilets and comes back out with one pint, exactly, of his own urine. The man, closing his eyes, takes a sip, then begins to chug it down. He continues, chug, chug, chug, there's no stopping him. Everyone in the bar is astounded. The man takes one final gulp and finishes the drink. The shady guys congratulates him and says, "One beer for this fine gentleman please."So the mans having a good time drinking on the house when the barman, with his incredible feat still fresh in his mind, asks him, "So how did you manage to drink the lot?" "Well," replied the man, "I guess it was just a tinkle, tailored for the candlestick maker."
A ghost walks into a bar. The ghost goes up to the bartender and orders a whiskey, and the bartender says: "I'm worry. We don't serve spirits here" 
[NSFW] A broke man walks into a bar and asks how he can earn free booze The bartender says, "Well I got this donkey in the back that's been depressed lately. If you can make him laugh, you get free drinks for an hour." Without another word the broke man walks through to door to the back and after about five minutes the bar was filled with the sound of laughing donkey. The man comes back and takes his free drink.About an hour later the bartender returns, "I really did miss that laugh but now it's getting on my nerves, shut him up for another hour?". Again, the broke man walks to the back and after a minute there is silence. The broke man sits down and the bartender asks, "How did you make him laugh?"."I told him my dick was bigger than his.""How'd you shut him up?"."I showed him."
A bear walks into a bar.. A bear walks into a bar and the bartender goes, "what'll it be?". The bear thinks for a moment and then replies, 'I'll have a beer."  The bartender asks, "what's with the pause?"Bear replies "These? Born with 'em."
A blind man walks into a bar And a table. And a chair.
A man walks into a bar and sees a sign that says, "Free Beer For Life If You Can Pass Our Test!" He asks the bartender, "What's this 'test' you have?" The bartender says, "Well first, you gotta chug a gallon of pepper tequilla. Next, you have to go out back and pull the sore tooth out of our angry alligator. And finally, we have a girl up stairs who's never slept with a man, and you gotta go make things right with her."Laughing, the man exclaims, "Well that sounds like the stupidest test I've ever heard of!" He leaves to get drunk with his friends. Later that night, the man comes back to the bartender absolutely hammered drunk."Ok bartender! Let's do this test!"The bartender hands him a gallon of pepper tequilla, and before he could warn him, the man starts chugging it. Teary eyed and near the point of fainting, the man finishes the gallon and slams it on the counter. Stunned, the bartender leads him out back to the alligator. A few minutes pass, and after a bunch of screaming and clatter, the man stumbles back in. His shirt is torn up and his body is bleeding profusely. He stares at the bartender and says, "Ok bartender, where's the girl with the sore tooth?"
A recurring number walks into a bar' 
A man walks into a bar and sees steaks hung on the ceiling The man asks the bartender what they are forThe bartender says: "If you can touch the steaks you get free drinks for life, but if you cant touch them you have to pay for everyone elses drinks for 5 years"The man says:"Sorry""THE STEAKS ARE TOO HIGH"
Alexis Tsipras walks into a bar in Athens  ...and orders a sandwich with tzatziki. The bartender quickly scurries off to prepare it. Once returned to the register, he says:     "Here you are, one gyro.  Is that for here or to go?"Unfazed, Tsipras grabs the sandwich and heads for the door.     "Wait! what about the bill?!?" cries the bartender.The Prime Minister pauses, then smirks and sneers:     "Haven't you seen the news? I don't have to pay this euro bill. Besides it's called a 'drachma'" 
A man walks into a bar and is immediately disqualified from the Limbo World Championships. 
A blind man walks into a bar and a chair, then a table...
A punk walks into a bar and orders a whisky.  The bartender pours him one and tells him "That guy at the end of the bar paid for you".  The punk is glad for the free drink and downs it.  He orders another and the guy at the end of the bar pays for it again.  This continues all night, and eventually the punk is wasted.  The guy at the end of the bar comes over to the punk and says "Hey man, how about you and I go to the bathroom and I give you a blow job?" The punk says "fuck you man!", punches the guy, kicks him out of the bar, and throws a stool at him.  He comes back in and sits down.  The bartender turns to him and says "What was that all about?", the punk says "I dunno, some shit about a job"
Screwdriver walks into a bar Bartender says hey man we have a drink named after you?The screwdriver asks "you have a drink named Steve?"
A man walks into a bar He goes up to the bartender and asks where the bathroom is. The bartender points to a hallway at the end of the room. The man heads down the hallway and opens the men's room door. The man is completely shocked by what he sees. There are three men in the bathroom in a mini train fucking each other in the ass. Embarrassed the man closes the door and rushes to the bartender to tell him what is going on in the bathroom. The man tells his story and the bartender asks one question " The man in the middle of them, tell me was he wearing a red sweater? " The man confused thinks for a moment and says " Yah I suppose he was...... " The bartender replies " Yah that's Frank, he's lucky at cards too. "
A Hispanic photon walks into a bar No mas
Helen Keller walks into a bar And a table, and a chair, and a bed...
A Muslim cannibal walks into a bar The bar tender says, 'Wow, is it true that human meat tastes like pork?" The Muslim says "How am I supposed to know? I'm a Muslim, I don't eat pork." 
A guy walks into a bar with a box He sits down and starts ordering several drinks."What's in the box?" Asks the bartender "Ugh, just get me another drink...? Grumbles the man. Bartender says "show me what's in the box and the next ones on the house."The man nods places the box on the bar and takes out a small piano and a man about a foot tall comes out and starts playing the most beautiful music he has ever heard."where the hell did you get that?" Asks the bartender.The man replies "There is a genie out side granting wishes but..."Before he can finish the bartender runs out side and sees the genie, and yells "I wish for a million bucks!"After a puff of smoke there are a million ducks walking around quaking.The bartender runs back inside and yells at the guy "Hey you didn't tell me the genie was hard of hearing!"The guy turns around slowly and says with a smirk, "Did you think I really wished for a 12 inch pianist
A man walks into a bar Ouch.
A tough guy walks into a bar ...and is about to order a drink when he sees a man close by with a deep v-neck and colorful skinny jeans.  By the way he talked and moved it was apparent this man was a homosexual.  And the tough guy doesn't like homosexuals.  So he shouts loudly to the bartender: "Drinks for everyone in the house... except for that fag."Soon after the drinks have been handed out, the gay fellow gives the tough guy a wave and says loudly, "Thank you!"What's going on?  The tough guy is infuriated.  Once again, he loudly orders drinks for the house... but not for that gay guy.As before, the gay fellow continues to smile and say, "Thank you!"The tough guy says to the bartender, "What the hell is wrong with that homo?  I've ordered two rounds for everyone but him, and all he does is smile and thank me.  What's with him?  Is he nuts?""No," says the bartender.  "He owns the place."
A Hydrogen atom walks into a bar ...and asks for a shot.Bartender, "what's the occasion?"Atom, "I think I lost an electron."Bartender, "you sure?"Atom, "I'm positive."
A guy walks into a bar "Ow," he says.
A blind man walks into a bar then a table, then finally a chair.
An Olympian walks into a bar and says "damn". 
A bloke walks into a barber's shop with his 5 yr old daughter. While he sit's down to get his hair cut, the daughter stands right beside him eating a cupcake. The barber warns her:"Sweetheart, you're going to get hair on your muffin."She looks him in the eye:"I know. I'm gonna grow tits too."
So a lady walks into a bar A good looking woman who was known to get blackout drunk after drinking one bottle of beer walks into a tavern and orders a bottle of Budweiser. She finishes the beer, a few minutes pass, and she yells out; "I wanna make love to every guy in here"! And she does. Next evening, she goes to the same bar, drinks a Budweiser and shouts out; "I want to have sex with every man in the room"! She does. The next night she goes to the same inn and orders a Miller Lite. The bartender says; "I thought you liked Bud"? She tells him;  "I do, but it makes my vagina sore the next day".
So a guy walks into a bar, goes up to the bartender, and asks for six shots.The bartender asks, "Wow, 6 shots? Whats the special occasion?"The man then replies, "Well, to be honest with you, it was my first blowjob.""Your first blowjob?!?!" the bartender responded, "I'll throw a seventh shot in for free!""Well," said the man, "If the first six shots don't get the taste of cum out of my mouth, I really don't think the seventh will either."
So a guy walks into a bar, goes up to the bartender, and asks for six shots.  The bartender asks, "Wow, 6 shots?  Whats the special occasion?"The man then replies, "Well, to be honest with you, it was my first blowjob.""Your first blowjob?!?!" the bartender responded, "I'll throw a seventh shot in for free!""Well," said the man, "If the first six shots don't get the taste of cum out of my mouth, I really don't think the seventh will either."
A Neutron walks into a bar "I'd like a beer," he says. The bartender promptly serves up a beer. "How much will that be?" asks the neutron. "For you?" replies the bartender, "no charge."
A warhorse walks into a bar. And the bartender says, " Why the long film?"
a keyboard walks into a barbershop on the international space station "i just want an easy, short cut".     then he hit the bar
A man walks into a bar. He goes "I really shouldn't be walking through a building site" and leaves.
A man walks into a bar "Ouch!"
A beautiful woman walks into a bar and takes a seat. The bartender approaches her says, "Wow, you have got to be the most gorgeous woman I have ever seen. You are definitely going to get laid tonight!"The woman is taken aback by this and asks the bartender, "How on earth would you know that?"The bartender says back to her, "Because I'm stronger than you."
A man walks into a bar and his crippling alcoholism is tearing his family apart
A man walks into a bar and says ouch.
A man walks into a bar Ouch!
A man walks Into a bar Ouch!
A young lady walks into a bar She was protected by a rubber Bump*her*
A member of the river dance group walks into a bar. And asks.. What have ya got on tap!?!?
A man walks into a bar and said OWWW
A man walks into a bar Ouch.
A sandwich walks into a bar The bartender says "Sorry, we don't serve food in here."
A man walks into a bar with his dog and orders a beer.A nearby patron asks "Hey buddy! What's your dog's name?""Engineer" the man replies."Engineer?" the other asks. "If I kick him will, he make a bolt for the door?" he laughs."No," the man replies, "but he can make a spring for your nuts."
A man walks into a bar and takes a seat next to a very attractive woman. He gives her a quick glance, then casually looks at his watch for a moment. The woman notices this and asks, "Is your date running late?" "No," he replies, "I just bought this state-of-the-art watch and I was just testing it." The intrigued woman says, "A state-of-the-art watch? What's so special about it?" "It uses alpha waves to telepathically talk to me," he explains. "What's it telling you now?" she asked. "Well, it says you're not wearing any panties." he said. The woman giggles and replies, "Well it must be broken then because I am wearing panties!" The man explains, "Damn thing must be an hour fast."
A man walks into a bar and orders 10 shots of tequila. The bartender looks up and says: "Wow, have you got something to celebrate?", after which he poors the shots. The man replies: "Yes, my first blowjob!" and takes the first shot. Bartender: "Well, congratulations! Here, have another on the house!". The man shakes his head and says: "Nah, thanks, but if these 10 won't get that horrible taste out of my mouth, I'm pretty sure the eleventh won't do the trick either!" 
A piece of rope walks into a bar and and sits down. The bartender says "Are you a rope?" The rope says yes. The bartender says "We don't serve your kind here, you're gonna have to leave." The rope leaves and heads down the street to the next bar. He walks in and sits down and the bartender asks "Are you a rope?" the rope says yes and again is asked to leave. The rope is pretty discouraged now and goes outside. As he's sitting on the curb he has an idea, he ties himself in a knot and messes up his hair and walks back into the bar. The bartender says "Hey are you a rope?" the rope replies "Nope, Frayed Knot".
A man walks into a bar and sees a jar full of money(NSFW) A man walks into a bar and sees a jar full of money sitting on the bar. He asks the bartender "Whats with the jar of money?". The bartender says "I have a horse in the back and for $1 you can go back and try to make him laugh, if he does all the money is yours". The man pays his dollar, goes in back and a minute later the horse is rolling with laughter, the man takes his money and is on his way.A couple weeks later the man comes back and there's another jar of money sitting on the bar. "What's the deal this time?" he asks. The bartender says "If you can make my horse cry the money is yours." So the man goes in back and sure enough the horse starts crying uncontrollably. The bartender, baffled, asked the man how he did it.The man says "Well, the first time I came in here I told your horse that I had a bigger dick than him, This time I proved it."
A man walks into a bar and makes a bet with a bartender. "I'll show you a trick, and if you think the trick is good enough, you give me a drink on the house." The bartender, having had a pretty boring day, accepts.The man takes a rat out of his pocket and an equally tiny piano out of his other pocket. He sets the piano on the bar, and the rat jumps up and begins to play "The Entertainer".The bartender is amazed and happily gives the man a free drink. After finishing, the man makes another bet: "If I show you an even better trick, will you put my entire tab for the night on the house as well?"The bartender accepts again, thinking that there was no way that the man could produce a better trick. He proceeds to pull a bullfrog out of his pants pocket and sets it down next to the rat. The rat begins to play a different song, and the bullfrog starts to sing along in a crystal clear voice. The bartender is once again amazed, and agrees to pay for the man's drinks for the rest of the night.An hour later, the man is enjoying his free drinks when a stranger comes up to the man and offers to buy the bullfrog for $100,000. "Sorry, he's not for sale," replies the man. The stranger offers to pay $500,000, and the man reluctantly sells the bullfrog and takes the money. The stranger leaves with glee, and the bartender is furious."That frog could've been worth millions of dollars to you, maybe even billions, but you sold it off for a mere five hundred thousand dollars!"The man smiles and takes a sip of his drink."Don't worry, the frog doesn't mean that much to me. You see, the rat's a ventriloquist."
A very very ugly girl walks into a bar with her two kids The bartender asks the girl if the boys are twins. Then she replies very angry:* Of course no, dumbass. As you can see this one is smaller than the other. This one is 10 and this other one is 4. How could you imagine that? idiot. Then the bartender say: * cause, I can't believe someone have fucked you twice. 
A neutron walks into a bar and asks the bartender: "How much does a glass of beer cost?" The bartender replies: "For you, no charge".
A blind man walks into a bar I'll have a glass of wine, he says.Red or white, the bartender asks.It doesn't matter, he answers, I'm blind.
An ugly homeless man walks into a bar with a huge smile. He uses what little money he has to order himself a drink. The bartender serves him and asks "What are you so happy about?" The homeless man replies. "I just got laid big time. First time in about 30 years. I was hanging out by the train tracks where I saw a women tied up like in those old western movies, so I cut her free and brought her back to my place. Needless to say, she let me have it big time. Every position you can imagine." "You lucky dog, you." the bartender replies. "So what did this lass look like?" The homeless man replies, "Oh, I'm not sure, I only found the body."
A man walks into a bar He got his penis out and was promptly arrested for public indecency.
Mother Teresa walks into a bar 
A narcissist walks into a bar The rest of the joke doesn't matter.
A piece of string walks into a bar The bartender glares at him. "We don't serve pieces of string like you here.""What? I just want a drink!" the string says."Get the hell outta here!"The string leaves, dejected. On the street, he runs into another piece of string."Did you just get thrown out of that bar too?" the second piece of string says.The first piece of string nods."Here, let me show you a trick."The second piece of string then ties the first piece of string in a large knot, then frays either side of him. The first piece of string walks back into the bar."Hey, aren't you the string that just came in here?" the bartender yells.The string shakes his head. "Nope, I'm a frayed knot."
A woman walks into a bar "Ouch!" she yelled.
A woman walks into a bar. What makes you think she can drive any better?
So a gentleman walks into a bar after a long day of work, and decides to drink his problems away. After awhile he gets pretty drunk and the bartender decides to mess with him a little to have fun. So he asks the man, "hey pal, you wanna make some money?" to which the drunken man replies "of course!". "Ok," the bartender explains, "Ill give you $100 if you do these three things for me: first, you have to go steal the Rolex off our bouncer, Steve - next, you have to go out back and pull a tooth from our vicious guard dog - and finally, you have to go sleep with that terribly ugly woman over there." "That's easy," replied the drunken man, "I can do that." So he walks out to the front of the bar and, landing a lucky hit, knocks out the bouncer and takes his watch. He then walks into the bar and goes out back, and after a couple of minutes the bartender hears some squealing coming from his dog. The drunken man then walks proudly in from the back and strolls up to the bartender saying "ok, tough guy, I've done the first two tasks - now where's that ugly woman whose tooth I need?"
A woman walks into a bar with her pet newt on her shoulder. She sits down on a stool and orders a beer. The barman looks at the woman and her newt and asks her, "What's his name?""Tiny." The woman replies."Why tiny?" The barman inquires."Because he's my newt."
A soccer ball walks into a bar. The bartender kicked him out.
A horse walks into a bar The bartender asks, "why the long face?"
A man walks into a bar.  There's a tiny man playing a tiny piano Barton.  "What's with the...""Fuckin genie's a goddamn idiot.  I rubbed his lamp and well...I got this...anyway I chucked him and his stupid lamp out in the trash."Intrigued, the man left the bar and went to the garbage.  There he found the lamp and he rubbed it.  Out came a genie."You have one wish.""I want a million bucks.""Granted."  The genie snapped his fingers.  The sky darkened.  Loud quacks came from above.  The man looked up at a million ducks flying above.  He ran inside the bar."I think that genie may be hard of hearing..." He tells the bartender."You're telling me?  What the hell am I supposed to do with a twelve inch pianist?"
A man walks into a bar with carrots in his ears The bartender asks "Sir, why do you have carrots in your ears?"  The man replies "I can't hear you"  The bartender asks, louder,  "Sir, why do you have carrots in your ears?"   The man replies "Can you speak up?"   The bartender yells "WHY ARE THERE CARROTS IN YOUR EARS?!"   The man replies "Sorry, I can't hear you, I have carrots in my ears"
A bear walks into a bar.  The bartender is a deer but the bear sits down anyway.The deer takes a look at his new patron and says, "hey buddy,  what are you having?"The bear is still taken back by seeing a deer bartender in these parts and says, "I'll have a.........Beer."The deer responds, "why the big pause?"EDIT:a word
A guy walks into a bar He says ouch.
A hobbit walks into a bar It was very low down.
A Mormon walks into a bar. 
A woman walks into a bar and asks the bartender for a double entendre So he gives her one.
A man walks into a bar He asks the bartender for six shots of vodka. As soon as the bartender gives it to him, he downs them in four seconds flat."Rough day, huh?" Says the bartender.  "Yeah," coughs the man, "I just found out my oldest son is gay."  The next day, the man comes back in, asks for six more shots, and downs them as fast as he can."What happened today?" Asked the bartender.  "I just found out my youngest son is gay, too." The man replies.  The third day, the man comes in, asks for the whole bottle of vodka, and starts chugging it. The bartender is mortified."Does *anyone* in your family like women?" He asks.  "Yeah," the man replies, "my wife."
A man walks into a bar "ouch"
A mitochondrian walks into a bar and asks for a cup of energy. The barman says "that'll be ATP" 
A moose walks into a bar and heads to the restroom A moose walks into a bar and goes to the bathroom to shave his face. He gets whiskers all over the place and casually strolls out of the bathroom. The bartender, being the only worker in the bar at the time, went into the bathroom after the moose to make sure that there was enough toilet paper, towels, etc. He sees the moose whiskers all over the place and goes back out to the bar where the moose is standing in the middle of the room. The bartender is very upset. He asks the moose, "Hey, you, why don't you go in there and clean up your whiskers? This is my bar, not your bathroom at home!"The moose looks at him and responds, "MAUUUU MAUUAU MOOOAHHHHHHH MAUUUUUUU MMOAHHHHHH" "MAUUUUUUU MAUUUAMAUUUUU""MAAUUU"
A bear walks into a bar… A bear walks into a bar. He says to the bartender "I'll have a Bud-----Weiser."  Bartender says "Why the big pause?"  
A man walks into a bar, and is torn apart in seconds. Whoops, sorry. Bear\*
A fat guy walks into a bar [deleted]
Helen Keller walks into a bar ... then a chair and then a table. 
A blind man walks into a bar. And a table. And a chair.
A didlo walks into a bar The bartender says, "What are you?"The didlo replies, "I am didlo."The bartender then says, "What do you want to drink?"The didlo says, "I'll take whatever he's having," and points to a man sitting at the end of the bar.So the bartender makes the didlo a jack and coke.The didlo chugs his drink when he gets it, then proceeds to walk over to the man at the end of the bar.The man says, "what are you looking at?"The didlo replies, "I am Didlo."
A fish walks into a bar So a fish walks into a bar and- look I'm sorry, but can we stop insulting Aquaman by calling him a fish? This is getting ridiculous. Just talking a cursory glance at his implied extra-normal abilities reveals an unbelievable plethora of goodies. An aquatic being infused with humanoid DNA? Clearly this would result in at the least not-of-this-Earth attention giving skills, and at the most the ability to turn his "little garden" into a photosynthesizing animal rights advocate, someone who would magnetically castrate even the most minor of horse yellers. Anyway, the bartender says "You can't TUNE-A fish!"
A guy walks into a bar then sits down and orders a beer. He is talking to the bartender and looks up to the ceiling and notices a slab of beef hanging from a hook. He asks the bartender what is that? The bartender responds with if you can touch it I will pay your tab for the night but if you can't you will owe me 1000 dollars... The man contemplates hitting the meat but then sat back down and said THE STEAKS WERE TO HIGH
A blind man walks into a bar Table and a chair.
A guy walks into a bar and says to the bartender,  "give me a beer jackass". Bartender obliges and a while later the guy says again, "hey jackass, give me another beer".Finally another one of the patrons asks, "why do you let him call you jackass"?Bartender says, "oh, he-ah he-ah he always calls me that".
A man walks into a bar with an ostrich ... and orders a shot."That'll be $2.40", said barman. The man pulls out the exact amount, drinks the shot and leaves. The next day, he walks into the same bar with the same ostrich and orders a meal. Barman comes for the charge of $8.79, so the man pulls out the exact amount and hands it to the barman. Now, a little intrigued barman asks the man, "How do you do it, sir, that you always have the exact amount needed?". So the man replies:"I've once fished a gold fish, and she gave me two wishes. My first wish was that whenever i needed to pay, I'd always have the exact amount in my pocket. So when I buy a new mercedes or just some matches, I always have the cash on me.""Oh", replied barman, "and what about the second wish?"The man's face got a little frustrated;"I wanted a chick with tall legs."
A grasshopper walks into a bar. Bartender looks up and shouts, "Hey, we have a drink named after you!" "You have a drink called Steve?"
A man walks into a bar. Smack.
A man walks into a bar And says ouch.Hello Caldera! I'll be here all week!
Schrodinger's cat walks into a bar and doesn't. 
A bar walks into a bar Haha I have no idea where I was going with this please don't be mean I thought it was going to be funny. 
A man walks into a bar.. The only other people inside are the bartender, and a woman, who was sitting at the bar. The man walks up to her and immediately asks her, "Ma'am, can I smell your feet?" The woman, repulsed by this, says, "You most certainly may NOT!!" Then the man says, "Well then, it must be your pussy!"(I hope this makes sense!!)
A guy walks into a bar with an octopus. He sits the octopus down on a stool and tells everyone in the bar that this is a very talented octopus that can play any instrument in the world. Everyone laughs, so he says he'll bet $50. A guy walks up with a guitar and sits it beside the octopus. The octopus starts playing better than Jimi Hendrix, so the man pays his $50. Another guy walks up with a trumpet, and the octopus plays it better than Dizzy Gillespie. So the man pays his $50. A third guy walks up with bagpipes. He sits them down and the octopus fumbles with it for a minute and sets it down with a confused look. "Ha!" the man says, "Can't you play it?" The octopus looks up at the man and says, "Play it? I'm going to screw it as soon as I get its pajamas off."
A horse walks into a bar. The bartender says, "why the long face?" The horse stands there, staring blankly at the bartender. Everyone starts to feel a little awkward. The horse's handler comes in and leads it out, but not before it's knocked over a couple of glasses and soiled itself. Needless to say, the bar is closed for the rest of the day. Jesus walks up to the bar, but it's closed for hygiene reasons and he goes next door to a hotel. He hands the receptionist a couple of nails and says "Can you put me up for the night?" The receptionist takes a moment to understand, not speaking Aramaic, but is able to explain in mime that nails are not legal tender. After Jesus leaves disgruntledly, a duck that has been kind of harrassing the receptionist for the last few days by asking for grapes waddles in. The duck asks if the receptionist has any nails, and the receptionist finally snaps. Deciding to walk out on the most ludicrous workday of his life, receptionist goes to the bar, and is infuriated to find it closed. He jimmies open a window, not caring who sees. But two old friends across the street, a priest and a rabbi, DO see. They decide they should do something to calm this agitated man down, and follow him into the bar. The bartender, having spent all day cleaning up after the horse, sees the receptionist, the priest and the rabbi come into the bar, and stops scrubbing shit long enough to ask "Is this some kind of a joke?"
A girl walks into a bar and introduces herself. She walks up to a guy at a bar and says "Hi, I'm Anita."He replies, "Anita this dick?"  
A dying tree walks into a bar.. A dying tree walks into bar and asks the bartender for a drink of water. The bartender complies, and the tree leaves.  A few months later the tree, dying again, returns, asking for water. The bartender give the tree some water and the tree leaves. This happens over and over for many, many years, many generations of bartenders: the same dying tree comes in, asks for water, bartender gives the tree some water, and the tree leaves ... until one day the tree is too large to fit in the bar, is unable to ask for water, and is unable to leave and so dies.
A shy guy walks into a bar ... and sees a a beautiful girl. After an hour, he goes to try talking to her:   -Excuse me, can we talk for some minutes?Afterwards, the girl screams:-NO! I Don't wanna sleep with you!Now everyone in the bar looks weird to them. Obviously, the guy, ashamed, goes back to his table and asks for a beer. Several minutes later, the girl comes to him, smiles and tell him:-Sorry if i made you feel bad. I'm studying psychology and checking how people reacts in awkward situations.After that, the guy screams:-WHAT? $200?
A piece of string walks into a bar The bartender says, "We don't serve no scrawny pieces of string in here."The piece of string leaves, goes around back, ties himself up, ruffles his hair and re-enters the bar.The bartender says, "Say aren't you that sorry piece of string that I told to beat it?"The string replies, "frayed knot."
A man named Zwayne walks into a bar. "Arrgh, fucking hell! Who put that bastarding bar there?"
A woman walks into a bar and asks the bartender for a double entendre. So he gives it to her. 
A toothless termite walks into a bar and says, "Is the bar tender here?"
A nose walks into a bar The bartender said "I can't serve you, you are already off your face
So a gorilla walks into a bar. So a gorilla walks into a bar and sits down.  The bartender is quite surprised, but decides to just go with it anyway.  The Gorilla asks, "Can I have a beer?"The bartender is quite startled that the gorilla can talk, but despite that he responds, "Sure, that'll be $8."The gorilla hands the bartender the money, and the bartender says to the gorilla, "You know, we don't get very many gorillas in here."The gorilla replies, "For $8 a drink, I don't imagine you do."
Stephen Hawking walks into a bar 
A mathematician walks into a bar and orders a drink. The punchline has been left as an exercise for the reader.
A broke mooch of a man walks into a bar He casually slides up to a bar stool and begins to debate how to get a free drink. Looking around at the women occupying it, he decides he has a shot. Hours go by, being shot down by all he tried he returns to the bar. Bartender walks over and asks him what he will have, to which he responds he can't afford any. Asking "Damn it man, I've never been to a bar I couldn't manage a free drink out of a women." Bartender begins to laugh and explains the bar is pretty much all married ladies and there blue collar plant working husbands. Bartender:I tell you what buddy, if you can make our mascot that donkey over there laugh, I'll let you drink the entire night for free.The man looks over when a moment of inspiration hits him, what's the worst that happens the donkey doesn't laugh? The man walks over and simply whispers in the donkey's ear. As the bartender watches in amazement the donkey rolls over seemingly "ahh eee ahh" ing to death.The man walks back over and tells the bartender "I'll take a knobb creak and a budweiser. Keep em coming". The bartender being a man of his word pays his debt, and the gentleman drinks the night away on the house.The following night the gentleman returns, and asks the bartender if the bet still stands.Bartender: I'll make the bet with ya, but this time make him cry. I don't mean calling and acting an ass, I mean legitimately crying.Gentleman: You've got yourself a bet.The gentleman walks off towards the mascot, with more confidence then should be allowed for such a silly bet. He stands in front of the donkey, back to the bar, fumbling in his pockets seemingly. The bartender concerned he is digging for a weapon runs over to stop the man. By the time he arrives the donkey has laid himself down, tears welling from its eyes and looking as if he had lost the will to live.Gentleman: I guess I won the bet again.Bartender: so it seems you did.Both walk back to the bar, the bartender more then confused how Dr. Doolittle here has managed these feats. Bartender: I'm a man of my word, but I'm honestly not gonna pay up this time unless you answer a couple questions.Gentleman: Sure, you've been more then a good sport.Bartender: How in the fuck did you make that donkey laugh?Gentleman: Well, it was easy. I walked up, took a quick study of the donkey, and whispered in his ear "Mines bigger".The bartender now laughing himself, asks "Ok, well how in the hell did you make him cry?".Gentleman: Now that was even easier. I showed it to him.
A marathon runner walks into a bar.. The bartender says why the long race?
A man walks into a bar and sees a barrel plum full of $50 dollar bills. He goes to the barkeep and asks, "Whats with the barrel full of cash?"The barkeep responds, "That 'der barrel? Its for the Bars Bet. Gimme $50 dollars, and I will tell you what you need to do, and if you can do it, you get everything inside it."The man thinks it over for a bit while drinking a few beers, and in his slightly intoxicated state decides that hes gonna try to win the money.He slurrs out, "Ok Barkeep, here's $50 big ones. Whats I got to do?"The barkeep smiles and says, "There are four things you must do. First, you have to drink 10 beers and 10 shots in 10 minutes. Next, you see that group of mean old bikers in the back? They come in every night and make a big mess. I need you to take one of these beer bottles and smash it over one of their heads. After that, I have got an old pitbull in the back that has a mean toothache, I need you to go back there and pull it out. And finally, my 85 year old grandmother is up stairs. She was a whore in Romania for almost 35 years. I need you to go upstairs and have your way with her."So the man races down the beers and shots in under 8 minutes, to the amazement of the bar keep. He grabs one of the beer bottles and walks up to the biggest biker in the back and smashes it over his head, knocking him out cold. A few of the other bikers rough him up a bit but he keeps going. He stumbles out side and from inside the bar, all the barkeep hears is the most horrible screaming and yelping he has ever heard. After what seems like an hour, the man comes back in, clothes torn to bits and bloodied and rushes to the bar keep and slurrs out,"Now wheresh that old whore with the bad tooth????"
A guy walks into a bar with an alligator ...It's about 10 feet long. The bartender flips out and says, "Hey buddy, you gotta get that son of a b*tch outta here. It's going to bite one of my customers and I'm going to get sued."The guy says, "No no no, it's a tame alligator. I'll prove it to you."He picks up the alligator and puts it on the bar. Then he unzips his pants, pulls out his package and sticks it in the alligator's mouth. The alligator just keeps his mouth open. After about 5 minutes, he pulls it out of the alligator's mouth and zips up his pants and says, "See, I told you it was a tame alligator. Anybody else want to try it?"The drunk down at the end of the bar says, "Yah, I'd like to try it but I don't think I can hold my mouth open that long!"
A blonde walks into a bar.nsfw And this blonde is smoking hot wearing tight fitting dress.She sits at the bar and orders a Coors light , so the bartender gets her the beer but before he gives it to her he slips a roofie into it.So she drinks the beer and passes out at the bar and every man there takes turns fucking her.This continues every night for a week , the next week she comes in and orders a Budweiser and the bartender asks why not her usual Coors light She leans over the bar and says "between you and me Coors makes my pussy hurt"Edit no more fussy hurt.Also typos, submitted from my phone.
The great English actor Colin Firth walks into a bar. Who walks in after him? Colin Thecond
A man walks into a bar Looks like it hurt.
A guy walks into a bar And hits his head so hard that he loses all imagination and sense of humor. He then goes on Reddit and [keeps posting the same shit joke over and over again.](http://i.imgur.com/Wvc6GjP.png)
A guy walks into a bar He should have ducked.
A guy walks into a bar and orders a couple shots of whiskey.  After he downs his whiskey he notices a jar filled with coins and a couple dollar bills on top. He then asks the bartender what's the jar for and the bartender points to the big guy on the other side of the bar and says "you see that lug over there? If you can knock him out you can have the money in the jar". The patron then requests a couple more shots of whiskey.After hammering these shots down the guy notices another jar that is filled with $1 and $5 dollar bills with a $20 on top. He then ask the bartender what's the jar for and the bartender says "did you see that dog tied up in the front on your way in here? Well it has a loose tooth but if you can yank it out you can have the money in the jar". "Oh okay" says the patron before ordering a couple more shots of whiskey.When he finishes with these shots he notices another jar filled with $20 dollar bills and a couple $100 dollar bills on top. He then proceeds to ask the bartender what's this jar for and the bartender points to a gorgeous blonde across the bar and says "you see that blonde girl right there? Well if you can make her orgasm you get the money in the jar". Being fairly intoxicated now the patron stumbles to his feet and staggers over to the big guy before he cold clocks him sending him to the floor. The entire bar goes silent. The man trots out the front door and then everybody inside hears the dog squealing  bloody murder. Minutes later the guy walks back covered in blood and drunkenly says "*Alright, now where's that blonde with the loose tooth*"
A guy walks into a bar Ow!
a guy walks into a bar ...says "ouch"
A blonde walks into a bar The man behind her just walks around it.
A guy walks into a bar  and orders a drink.
A guy walks into a bar It hurt.
A guy walks into a bar Ouch.
Uma Thurman walks into a bar She politely asks for a drink and offers to pay for her tab with what's left of her career. Bartender obliges. Needless to say he didn't make any money and within weeks he had to sell his baseball card collection to come up with rent. About a month later he bumps into her and asks how she could be so inconsiderate. She apologizes and offers a deal that struck the bartender as enticing.   Uma suggests that if the bartender go on a trip with her to California, and act as an escort for her to a friends movie premier, she assured him a big payday would be waiting at the end of the journey.   Long story short, they flew down. The bartender two parts eager and one part anxious. As they arrive to the premier, Uma can't get in and the trip was for nought. The bartender was furious and stressed. For the next two years he battled depression.
So this guy walks into a bar So a guy walks into a bar one day and he can’t believe his eyes. There, in the corner, there’s this one-foot-tall man, in a little tuxedo, playing a tiny grand piano.So the guy asks the bartender, “Where’d he come from?”And the bartender’s, like, “There’s a genie in the men’s room who grants wishes.”So the guy runs into the men’s room and, sure enough, there’s this genie. And the genie’s, like, “Your wish is my command.” So the guy’s, like, “O.K., I wish for world peace.” And there’s this big cloud of smoke—and then the room fills up with geese.So the guy walks out of the men’s room and he’s, like, “Hey, bartender, I think your genie might be hard of hearing.”And the bartender’s, like, “No kidding. You think I wished for a twelve-inch pianist?”So the guy processes this. And he’s, like, “Does that mean you wished for a twelve-inch penis?”And the bartender’s, like, “Yeah. Why, what did you wish for?”And the guy’s, like, “World peace.”So the bartender is understandably ashamed.And the guy orders a beer, like everything is normal, but it’s obvious that something has changed between him and the bartender.And the bartender’s, like, “I feel like I should explain myself further.”And the guy’s, like, “You don’t have to.”But the bartender continues, in a hushed tone. And he’s, like, “I have what’s known as penile dysmorphic disorder. Basically, what that means is I fixate on my size. It’s not that I’m small down there. I’m actually within the normal range. Whenever I see it, though, I feel inadequate.”And the guy feels sorry for him. So he’s, like, “Where do you think that comes from?”And the bartender’s, like, “I don’t know. My dad and I had a tense relationship. He used to cheat on my mom, and I knew it was going on, but I didn’t tell her. I think it’s wrapped up in that somehow.”And the guy’s, like, “Have you ever seen anyone about this?”And the bartender’s, like, “Oh, yeah, I started seeing a therapist four years ago. But she says we’ve barely scratched the surface.”So, at around this point, the twelve-inch pianist finishes up his sonata. And he walks over to the bar and climbs onto one of the stools. And he’s, like, “Listen, I couldn’t help but overhear the end of your conversation. I never told anyone this before, but my dad and I didn’t speak the last ten years of his life.”And the bartender’s, like, “Tell me more about that.” And he pours the pianist a tiny glass of whiskey.And the twelve-inch pianist is, like, “He was a total monster. Beat us all. Told me once I was an accident.”And the bartender’s, like, “That’s horrible.”And the twelve-inch pianist shrugs. And he’s, like, “You know what? I’m over it. He always said I wouldn’t amount to anything, because of my height? Well, now look at me. I’m a professional musician!”And the pianist starts to laugh, but it’s a forced kind of laughter, and you can see the pain behind it. And then he’s, like, “When he was in the hospital, he had one of the nurses call me. I was going to go see him. Bought a plane ticket and everything. But before I could make it back to Tampa . . .”And then he starts to cry. And he’s, like, “I just wish I’d had a chance to say goodbye to my old man.”And all of a sudden there’s this big cloud of smoke—and a beat-up Plymouth Voyager appears!And the pianist is, like, “I said ‘old man,’ not ‘old van’!”And everybody laughs. And the pianist is, like, “Your genie’s hard of hearing.”And the bartender says, “No kidding. You think I wished for a twelve-inch pianist?”And as soon as the words leave his lips he regrets them. Because the pianist is, like, “Oh, my God. You didn’t really want me.”And the bartender’s, like, “No, it’s not like that.” You know, trying to backpedal.And the pianist smiles ruefully and says, “Once an accident, always an accident.” And he drinks all of his whiskey.And the bartender’s, like, “Brian, I’m sorry. I didn’t mean that.”And the pianist smashes his whiskey glass against the wall and says, “Well, I didn’t mean that.”And the bartender’s, like, “Whoa, calm down.”And the pianist is, like, “Fuck you!” And he’s really drunk, because he’s only one foot tall and so his tolerance for alcohol is extremely low. And he’s, like, “Fuck you, asshole! Fuck you!”And he starts throwing punches, but he’s too small to do any real damage, and eventually he just collapses in the bartender’s arms.And suddenly he has this revelation. And he’s, like, “My God, I’m just like him. I’m just like him.” And he starts weeping.And the bartender’s, like, “No, you’re not. You’re better than he was.”And the pianist is, like, “That’s not true. I’m worthless!”And the bartender grabs the pianist by the shoulders and says, “Damn it, Brian, listen to me! My life was hell before you entered it. Now I look forward to every day. You’re so talented and kind and you light up this whole bar. Hell, you light up my whole life. If I had a second wish, you know what it would be? It would be for you to realize how beautiful you are.”And the bartender kisses the pianist on the lips.So the guy, who’s been watching all this, is surprised, because he didn’t know the bartender was gay. It doesn’t bother him; it just catches him off guard, you know? So he goes to the bathroom, to give them a little privacy. And there’s the genie.So the guy’s, like, “Hey, genie, you need to get your ears fixed.”And the genie’s, like, “Who says they’re broken?” And he opens the door, revealing the happy couple, who are kissing and gaining strength from each other.And the guy’s, like, “Well done.”And then the genie says, “That bartender’s tiny penis is going to seem huge from the perspective of his one-foot-tall boyfriend.”And the graphic nature of the comment kind of kills the moment.And the genie’s, like, “I’m sorry. I should’ve left that part unsaid. I always do that. I take things too far.”And the guy’s, like, “Don’t worry about it. Let’s just grab a beer. It’s on me.” Edit: Credit - http://www.newyorker.com/magazine/2013/11/18/guy-walks-into-a-bar
A guy walks into a bar "Ouch!" 
A dyslexic guy walks into a bar And the woman says, "Excuse me! What do you think you're doing?!"
A guy walks into a bar ...and sees a gorgeous woman nursing a drink. Walking up behind her he says: "Hi there, good lookin'. How's it going?"Having already downed a few power drinks, she turns around, faces him, looks him straight in the eye and says: "Listen up, buddy. I screw anybody, anytime, anywhere, your place, my place, in the car, front door,back door, on the ground, standing up, sitting down, naked or with clothes on,dirty, clean... It just doesn't matter to me. I've been doing it ever since I got out of college and I just flat-ass love it."Eyes now wide with interest, he responds: "No kidding. I'm a lawyer too. What firm are you with?"
Comic Sans walks into a bar. The bartender yells, "we don't serve your type in here."
A man walks into a bar with his pet monkey He orders a drink, and while he's drinking, his pet monkey jumps all over the place, eating everything behind the bar.  Then the monkey jumps onto a billiards table and swallows a pool ball.The bartender screams at the man, "Your monkey just ate the cue ball off my table--whole!""Sorry," the man apologized, "He eats everything in sight.  I'll pay for it all."  He finishes his drink and leaves.A few weeks later, the man returns to the bar with his monkey.  He orders a drink and the monkey, again, starts jumping around.He picks up a maraschino cherry off the bar.  He shoves it up his ass then eats it.The bartender is disgusted.  "Did you see what he just did!"The man replies, "he still eats everything in sight, but since he ate that cue ball, he measures stuff first."
A termite walks into a bar Is the bar tender here?
A Lady Vampire walks into a bar she takes a seat and asks the bartender for a glass of water. The bartender raises an eyebrow quizzically and asks "Why would a vampire need water?" The vampire smiles slyly before promptly reaching down to pull out a used tampon and replies, "Bloody Mary."
A blind man walks into a bar And a chair.And a table..
Guy walks into a bar with a horse sitting inside. Guy walks up to a bar and he isn't from the area. He sees a sign outside that says we have a horse inside at the bar, if you can make him laugh you get a free round of drinks. He walks in sees the horse and asks the bartender. Bartender tells him we've been trying to get this horse to laugh and no one can do it. Guy says ok give me a minute and whispers into the horses ear. The horse proceedes to let out a big laugh of neighs.... about a year later the same guy comes back to town and sees the same bar with a sign that now reads if you can make this horse cry you can get a free round of drinks. Intrigued he steps inside and inquires again. The bartender says, "oh its you, listen fella you got this horse to laugh and we gave you drinks, now we want to see if someone can make it cry and for the last year no one has been able to" (without hurting it or hitting it.) Guy says ok... walks the horse outside,  and comes back inside with a sobbing horse. The bartender says, "by golly how the hell did you do that, We tried and tried to make that damn horse laugh for years and you did first try. Then we try to make it cry ever since and cant. What the hell did you say?! Guy pipes up and says, "You remember when I came in the first time? I told him my dicks bigger than his." Bartender asks, "what the hell did you say the second time?" Guy says, "I showed him".
So Godzilla walks into a bar The entire building is destroyed. 23 people are missing and presumed dead. 
So, a guy walks into a bar and notices a dog in the corner, licking its balls He continues to have a seat at the bar and order a drink. He looks at the bartender and says "Man, I wish I could do that." The bartender replied, "Ehh, I'd try petting him first."
A man walks into a bar and says to the bartender "For one pint I can prove to you that technology has surpassed mankind using just two words!". The bartender accepts "CERN 'truthers'!" says the man to the barkeeper.*The man then takes a seat and takes a drink of his pint.*
A pirate walks into a bar with a steering wheel in his pants.The bar keep says, "Arr matey, ye have a steerin' wheel in yer pantaloons."The pirate replies, "Aye; it drives me nuts!"
Guy walks into a bar just shit-faced drunk He walks up to a beautiful woman and says, "Duck my sick!"She crosses her arms, all in a huff and replies, "Don't you mean *suck* my *dick*?"The guy pukes in her face, wipes his chin and says, "You didn't duck..."
A pirate walks into a bar with a steering wheel sticking out of his pants the bartender asks "doesn't that thing annoy you?" The pirate says "arr, it's driving me nuts"
A Pirate walks into a bar. The bartender says to the pirate, 'do you know you have a steering wheel in your pants?'The pirate says, 'Arrrrrgh! It's drivin' me nuts!'
A guy with Apple maps walks into a bar Or a church... Or a children's hospital
A horse walks into a bar and the bartender asks, "why the long face?". Now, the horse does not respond, because it is a horse. It does not understand English nor comprehend the man's shitty joke. Confused by its surroundings, the horse darts out of the bar knocking over a few tables.
A piece of string walks into a bar He sits at the bar and asks the barkeep, "I'd like a drink, please." The bartender looks at him and says, "I'm sorry, but we don't serve string here. You need to go." The string reluctantly says "Okay..." and leaves.Outside, the string gets the idea to tie himself up and try again.He goes back into the bar and sits down and asks for a drink. The bartender turns around and says, "Look man, I told you we don't serve string here. Please leave." The string gets up and heads back outside.Determined, the string decides to try one more thing. He decides to mess up his hair, wait a bit, and try again.The string walks back into the bar and sits down and asks the bartender, "Hello sir, I'd like a drink, please." The bartender looks over and says, "Hey, weren't you just in here not too long ago?"The string looks him in the eye and replies confidently, "I'm a frayed knot!"
Jeff walks into a bar and sees his friend Paul slumped over the bar. He walks over and asks Paul what's wrong. "Well," replies Paul, "you know that beautiful girl at work that I wanted to ask out, but I got an erection every time I saw her?" "Yes," replies Jeff with a laugh. "Well," says Paul, straightening up, "I finally plucked up the courage to ask her out, and she agreed." "That's great!" says Jeff, "When are you going out?" "I went to meet her this evening," continues Paul, "but I was worried I'd get an erection again. So I got some duct tape and taped my penis to my leg, so if I did, it wouldn't show." "Sensible" says Jeff. "So I get to her door," says Paul, "and I rang her doorbell. She answered it in the sheerest, tiniest dress you ever saw." "And what happened then?" (Paul slumps back over the bar again.) "I kicked her in the face." 
Michael Rosen walks into a bar And he just fell over and died.
Professor X walks into a bar >:)
An SQL query walks into a bar  Walks up to two tables and says:     "CAN I JOIN YOU?";----^^^Sequel ^^^to ^^^this ^^^joke ^^^coming ^^^soon
A man walks into a bar Ouch.
A neutron walks into a bar He asks, "How much for a drink?"The barkeep replied, "For you, no charge."
Dog walks into a bar. A three legged Golden Retriever walks into a bar.He walks up to the bartender and says, "Let me get a drink."The bartender is surprised to see a talking dog and exclaims, "Holy shit! A talking dog!"The dog says, "Yeah, what of it?"Bartender say, "No offence meant. What can I get ya?"Dog says, " Let me get a beer."So the bartender gets the dog a beer and starts making conversation.Bartender asks, "So what brings you to these parts?"Dog says, "I was looking for the man who shot my paw."Bartender asks, "You mean your father?"Dog waves his stump at the bartender, "No, you idiot. My paw!"Bartender says, "Ah man, i'm sorry. I thought you were making a joke..."Dog says, 'Don't worry about it, man. I've had a RUFF day."
A gymnast walks into a bar.. 0/10
A blind man walks into a bar And a table. And a chair.
A bear walks into a bar. He approaches the bartender and says 'gimme a Bud'. Bartender says 'Sorry, I don't serve beer to bears in bars.' The bear, getting angry, spots a skinny female barfly sitting in the corner. He points at her and growls 'Gimme a Bud or I eat her.' 'No dice,' says the bartender.The bear walks over, swats the woman, and swallows her whole. 'Give me a goddamn beer!' 'Hey now, I can't serve beer to a bear on drugs,' stammers the bartender. 'What the hell are you talking about,' the bear says.'Don't you know that was a bar bitch you ate?'
Guy walks into a bar A guy walks into a bar and says, "Give me something to drink just no vodka." The bartender asks, "Why? That's your typical drink of choice." The man replies, "Because last night I got drunk and blew Chunks." The bartender says, "Well, it's normal to blow chunks if you drink too much. The man says, "No, Chunks is my dog."
A man walks into a bar and tells a joke that has been posted on reddit before. I only know because no one would shut the fuck up about it.
So a termite walks into a bar and asks "Is the bartender here?'
A man walks into a bar and tells a joke that has been posted on reddit before. I only know because no one would shut the fuck up about it.
Rene Descartes walks into a bar The bartender asks him if he'd like a drink. Descartes replies "I think not" and vanishes.
A dyslexic arab walks into a bar ouch, says the other arab
A man walks into a barn The horse says, "Why the wrong place?"
A well dressed gentlemen walks into a bar "I would like a 12 year old brandy, please"  The barkeep pours him a drink, he takes a sip, and immediately spits it out.  "This brandy is only 10 years old! How dare you insult a man of my stature with an inferior brandy!"The barman apologizes and offers another drink, on the house of course.  "I'll have a 15 year old Scotch."  He takes a sip, spits out, and proclaims "This Scotch is only 12 years old!  How dare you insult a man of my stature with an inferior Scotch!  I'll give you one more chance: I would like a 30 year old port wine."Before the barman can react, a man at the end of the bar asks him to give a drink he has to the well-dressed man.  The man takes a sip, spits it out, and proclaims "my lord, this tastes like urine!"  The man at the end says, "It is, now tell me how old I am." 
A man walks into a bar and tells a joke that has been posted on reddit before. I only know because no one would shut the fuck up about it. 
Guy walks into a bar So this Jewish guy walks into a bar in New York with a parrot on his shoulder.  The Bartender goes where'd you get that?  And the parrot says, "in Brooklyn, they're everywhere."  
A piano player walks into a bar and says to the manager "I saw your sign 'Piano player needed' and I'm your man, I write all my own material." "Play me a tune." said the manager. The piano player's song was so catchy that it had the manager stomping his feet. "That was great!" the manager said, "What do you call that one?" "I call it 'Your Sister is a Dirty Fucking Whore!'" said the piano player. "Well" said the manager "that's an unusual name for a song. Let's hear another one." The piano player's song was so beautiful that it brought tears to the manager's eyes . "Now, what do you call this one?" said the manager. "I call it 'Let me Fuck you in the Ass Until your Hemorrhoids Bleed.'" said the piano player. The manager replied, "Your playing is great, and I'd like to hire you, but don't mention the names of your songs to any of the patrons, okay?" The piano player agreed. That evening, the crowd went wild when the piano player did his first set. When he could finally take a break, he rushed to the john for a long overdue piss. In his rush to get back, he forgot to zip his pants up. As he made his way back to the piano, one of the patrons stopped him and said, "Do you know your fucking dick is hanging out of your pants?" The piano player exclaimed "Know it?! I wrote it!"
So Helen Keller walks into a bar 
A nihilist walks into a bar    
A 3 legged dog walks into a bar Did you hear about the 3 legged dog who walked into a bar? He was looking for the man who shot his paw!
A blind man walks into a bar ow.
A guy walks into a bar with a monkey The bartender says "Hey, you can't have that monkey in here."The guy responds "He's not hurting anything, just give me a beer."So the bartender serves the guy, then he looks over at the monkey sitting on the pool table.  The monkey picks up the cue ball and eats it.The bartender yells at the guy "Hey, your monkey just ate my cue ball!"The guy says "Sorry about that, give me a couple days and I'll get it back to you."A few days pass, and the guy and his monkey return.  The guys says "Hey, I got your cue ball back, all cleaned up", tosses it on the pool table and orders a beer.Then the bartender looks over at the monkey at another guy's table and sees the monkey grab a peanut from the bowl, look at it, shove it up his ass, then pull it out and eat it.The bartender says "Hey, your monkey is shoving peanuts up his ass and then eating them, I can't have that in my bar!"The guy responds "Yeah, sorry about that.  Since the cue ball incident, he checks everything for size now."
A roll of toilet paper walks into a bar The bartender says "Go away, I'm not serving you anymore." The toilet paper asks "Why?" And the bartender says "Because every time you come in here you get totally shit faced"
A blind man walks into a bar And a table. And a chair.
A computer game character walks into a bar I should really turn no-clip off.
Girl walks into a bar Bartenders asks, "What can I get you?""I'll have a double entendre" she saysSo he took her out back and he gave it to her.
A man walks into a bar Orders a drink and when he finishes it he looks in his shirt pocket and then orders another. When he finishes he looks in his shirt pocket again. He does this three or four more times and the bartender finally confronts him and asks "Why do you keep looking in your shirt pocket after every drink you finish?" The man says, "I have a picture of my wife in here, when she starts to look good, I'm going home." 
If a lesbian couple walks into a bar and the black bartender refuses to serve them, whose fault is it? A white male. Duh.
So a guy walks into a bar at the top floor of large skyscraper A guy walks into a bar at the top floor of large skyscraper and asks for a strong one. He drinks up and asks for another one. After quite a lot of drinks he walks over to a table where there are two men sitting, talking and drinking. "I'll bet you guys 5000 bucks I can jump out that window and land safely on street below!" The two men look at each other then agree to accept the bet. So the drunk walks to the window and jumps out. The two men can hardly believe their own eyes when they see him land safely on the street and again enter the building. "How'd you do it?!" they ask in amazement when he enters the bar again. "Well, you see." the drunk replies. "There is this ventilation shaft straight below this window, and the stream of air is so strong, it slows you down enough to land safely on the grid. Why don't you try it yourselves?" So, both the men hurry to the window and jump out, facing certain death as they hit the street at high speed. At this point, the bartender walks up to the drunk and says: "You know what, Superman? You can be a real bastard when you're drunk!"*credits to /u/solarmoth for this joke, just had to put it up, made me chuckle.*
A blind man walks into a bar and sits down.  He says to the bartender, "Hey, do you wanna hear a blonde joke?"  The bartender leans in and says, "Sir, because you're blind, I'm going to offer you some advice.  The blonde lady in the corner, she is a trained MMA fighter.  The two blonde girls in the booth are professional tag team wrestlers.  The blonde at the end of the bar is an off duty police officer, and me, I'm blonde and I always keep a large baseball bat behind the counter and I am having a very bad day.  Now, do you still want to tell a blonde joke in here?"  The blind man thinks about it for a second.  "Nah, not if I'm going to have to explain it 5 times."
A one-liner walks into a bar. 
A blind man walks into a bar. And a table. And a chair.
A ________ walks into a bar Horse - bartender says "why the long face?"Termite - says "Is the bar tender here?"dog limps into a bar - says "I'm looking for the man who shot my paw"Two guys - you'd figure the second one would have seen it....
A guy walks into a bar. . . . . .And asks for a shot of vodka.  The bartender tells him "You should come back here tomorrow we have a contest going on.  Drink the most shots of vodka in 2 minutes and you win free shots for a year."So the guy comes the next night and destroys the competition.  Does 25 shots in two minutes.  He stumbles out victorious and no one sees him for a few weeks.  When he eventually comes back the bartender says to him "Hey champ, want a shot?"The guy goes a little green around the gills.  "No thanks, last time I blew chunks."The bartender responds.  "Hell man most of the guys blew chunks after 5 or 6 shots."The guy just puts his head down and says.  "You don't get it Chunks is my dog.
A blind guy walks into a bar And into a table.. and a chair...
A neutron walks into a bar and asks how much for a beer Bartender replies “For you, no charge”.
A horse walks into a bar he starts to panic and kick and shit all over the place sorry I'm no good at jokes. -- [@billcorbett](https://twitter.com/BillCorbett/status/592353920204156928)
A dung beetle walks into a bar. The bartender asks,"What's with the round faeces?"
A duck walks into a bar  In the dark part of town where the spilled beer on the sidewalk reflect the flickering neon lights that hang above the creaking door he just walked through. Inside the sound of pool balls clicking and shot glasses slamming drown out the sound of the broken-down jukebox struggling to carry a tune. He sits in a wobbly seat. "What'll be this time?" The bartender asked."The same as every time." The duck sneered. The bartender served the duck a shot of cheap gin and left the bottle. The duck pulled out a cigarette and struck a match, and ordered a second bottle."What's the problem? You trying to drink yourself to death? "Maybe I am. Maybe my time is up, maybe it's time for this miserable old duck to finally fly south for the winter.""Look, you keep talking like that people are gonna start thinking you need some help. Like you maybe need to talk to someone.""Talk to who?""You know...A therap-""A QUACK?!""You don't have to call them that, they're just trying to help.""Fuck their help. I don't need nobody's help. The only thing I need is a little bit of wind and a clear take off. You always think you know best, like how somehow serving people poison gives you some great insight to how to improve their lives. Well fuck you! I'm all that I need, and you remember that!""But-""But what? What do you have to say?""...Ducks fly together.""You son of a bitch."The duck saw his reflection in the bottom of his empty shotglass. He was old, and bitter, and worthless, and all the other things he said he would never be. He looked up and saw the the other patrons, staring back at him with wide-eyes and slightly dropped jaws. "I'm sorry everybody. I've just been so stressed lately, both under and above the water. Drinks are on me." And the duck drank with the patrons and there were smiles to be had. The duck felt so much better he bought the bar another round. And as he waddled out on the dance floor everything seemed a little brighter, the smell of foul beer and snuffed cigarettes faded from the air and even the jukebox sprang to life as the  duck gathered the confidence to approach a swan drinking a martini while the other drunken patrons vied for her attention. In a drunken swirl of self-confidence and momentum he stumbled up to the swan and whispered in her " These niggas is fowl and its duck seazon."The duck grabbed the swan and together they walked out of the bar onto a street that looked a little better - or at least less shitty - and a little bit more worth living for. They fell into a cab and as it drove away the bartender came out shouting "You never paid! You never paid!"And the duck stuck his head out of the window and shouted back."Put it on my bill!"
A man walks into a bar ...and the bartender tells him that there's a special going on:"If you can throw this baseball through this hole in the wall, you get a point.  Three points in a row will win your own private jet!  However, you have to throw from the opposite wall."The man inspects the hole, and sees that the opposite wall is about ten feet back.  The hole is also barely larger than the baseball, so it looks like an incredibly difficult task.The man takes the ball, and for the next half-hour, he attempts to get the ball in the whole.  He finally gets it in once, but proceeds to miss by a significant margin on the next try.Angered, he confronts the bartender: "This is impossible!  I could understand one or two, but why do I need three points in a row to win the jet?  It's not fair!""Well..." says the bartender, "...it's because three points determine a plane!"
Anyone know any good "walks into a bar" type jokes? 
A dead battery walks into a bar,and asks for the price of a pint of beer. The barman responds, "For you, sir, no charge."
A guy walks into a bar with a duck on his head the bartender said, "Can I help you?" and the duck said, "Yeah, get this guy off my ass."
A man walks into a bar. Bartender asks the man what he'll have to drink. Man replies, "I'll take a Guinness."The man looks down the row of the bar to see two drunk men being very loud.  He hears the first man say to the other man, "Aye, I like your accent. Where are you from?" The second man replies, "Me? I'm from Ireland." to which the first man replies "No way, I'm from Ireland too. Bartender 2 shots of Jameson and 2 Guinnesses" The men share their drink together and continue to talk. The second man asks, "where are you from in Ireland?" The first man replies, "I'm from Dublin." Second man hollers back, "No way, I'm from Dublin too. Bartender 2 more shots of Jameson and 2 more Guinesses." The Bartender hands the men their drinks and they down them quickly. They continue talking and the man continues to listen to them.The first man says, "Where'd ya go to school in Dublin?" and the second man replies, "I went to St. Mary's" and the first man screams back "No way, I went to St. Mary's. Bartender 4 shots of Jameson and 4 Guinesses."Meanwhile the man has been hearing this the whole time asks the bartender, "what's going on with those two men over there?"The bartender replies, "Oh them? That's just the O'malley twins drunk again."
A man walks into a bar and tells the bartender, "Get me a cold one." The bartender gives him my girlfriend. 
So a pirate walks into a bar A pirate walks into a bar with a giant ship's steering wheel in his pants. He walks over to the bar and the bartender says "Oi, you've got a steering wheel in your pants."The pirate says "Arrrrrr, it's driving me nuts."
So a man walks into a bar. It hurt when he hit it.
A man walks into a bar with his pet monkey And the bartender tells him no animals are allowed. The man begs and pleads to let it stay, so the bartender eventually agrees. The monkey starts jumping around and generally fucking shit up, but the man promises to pay for any damages. Finally the monkey jumps up on the pool table, grabs the cue ball, and eats it. The bartender finally has enough, and tells the man to GTFO and don't come back.A couple weeks later, the man comes back in to the bar with the same monkey. The bartender starts to kick him out, but the man promises there won't be a repeat of last time, and the monkey does seem to be more well behaved than before, so the bartender lets them in.After a few minutes the monkey climbs up on the bar and takes a cherry from the bowl of snacks, sticks the cherry up its ass, pulls it out and eats it. Then it does it again. The bartender sees this and asks, "what the hell is he doing that for?" To which the man replies:"Oh that? That's okay, he's just measuring it."
A man walks into a bar One day a man walks into a bar and to his amazement, he finds a tiny person playing a tiny piano. Stunned the man asked the bartender where he got this amazing person. The bartender replied that inside the closet there is a genie that will grant him a single wish. The man dashed into the the closet and as the bartender said, there was a genie inside. Without hesitation the man wished for a million bucks, but instead 1 million ducks instantly appeared. Infuriated the man stormed to the bartender and screamed "I think your genie is hard of hearing, I asked for a million bucks but instead I got a million ducks. "The bartender shook his head and replied, "You're telling me... Do you really think I asked for a 12 inch pianist?" 
So a man walks into a bar. So a man walks into a bar, and sits down. He starts a conversation with an old guy next to him. The old guy has obviously had a few. He says to the man:"You see that dock out there? Built it myself, hand crafted each piece, and it's the best dock in town! But do they call me "McGregor the dock builder"? No! And you see that bridge over there? I built that, took me two months, through rain, sleet and scoarching weather, but do they call me "McGregor the bridge builder"? No! And you see that pier over there, I built that, best pier in the county! But do they call me "McGregor the pier builder"? No!"The old guy looks around, and makes sure that nobody is listening, and leans to the man, and he says:"but you fuck one goat..."
A vampire walks into a bar and orders a glass of blood, the bartender thinks its a bit odd, but gets him what he wants anyway.The vampire drinks it, drops a good tip on the table and leaves. This happens for a good week or two and the bartender is getting quite used to seeing him in the bar when one day the vampire comes in, sits down at the bar. The bartender asks, "The usual?""No, actually can I have some hot water?" the vampire says. The bartender gives him a questioning look, and the vampire holds up a bloody tampon and says, "Tea time!"
A man walks into a bar A paraplegic rolls. 
A guy walks into a bar ...and orders 5 shots. He drinks them and orders 4 shots. He drinks them too and orders 3 shots. He drinks those and now being considerably drunk orders 2 shots. After drinking those, he mumbles: "Well I'll be damned, the less I drink the more I'm wasted...".
So two guys walks into a bar.. One of them says "Ouch"
Helium walks into a bar and orders a beer. The bartender says, “Sorry, we don’t serve noble gases here.” Helium doesn’t react. 
A termite walks into a bar Steps up to the counter, knocks on it and asks "Is the bartender here?".
So a guy walks into a bar ...grabs a stool and sits down.  The bartender kindly asks what the man would like to drink.  The man replies "I'll take a beer -- anything as long as it's not Heinekin."  The man finishes up his beer and the bartender returns.  "Another beer," he asks?  The man again responds "anything, as long as it's not Heinekin."The bartender is curious at this point and finally asks the man "Why don't you like Heinekin?"  The man cringes a bit and replies "Oh man, I had 12 Heinekins last night and I blew chunks."The bartender says "Shit, if you have 12 of anything you'll blow chunks."Man:  "Chunks is my dog."
Helen Keller walks into a bar And a table,  and a chair
An anvil walks into a bar.. The bartender asks him, would you like a beer? The anvil answers: "No thanks, I'm already hammered."
A horse walks into a bar. The bartender asks "why the long face"? The horse, incapable of understanding the human language promptly shits on the floor and leaves
A giraffe walks into a bar, he sits and orders 6 martinis.. Shame on you for wanting a punchline.This giraffe needs help.
A mushroom walks into a bar and the bartender says "We don't sever your kind". The mushroom says "Why not, I'm a fun guy".
A guy walks into a bar The only other patron is sat at the end of the bar looking very down in the mouth. The guy walks over and offers to buy him a drink. He asks him why he looks so depressed? The guy replies;" My name is Bill I've been a builder all my life..I bet I have built 50 houses...Do they call me 'Bill the housebuilder' ? ...No they don't ! I've built ten school houses...Do they call me 'Bill the schoolhouse builder' ? ..No they don't !... I've laid 100 miles of road....Do they call me 'Bill the road builder' ? ..No they don't ! .... But you fuck one goat !"
A pirate walks into a bar with a steering wheel attached to his pants The bartender asks whats up with the wheel on his pants. The pirate responds with "Yarr, it's driving me nuts."
skeleton walks into a bar orders a beer and a mop
A drunk guy walks into a bar KLANG!
A man walks into a bar And subsequently loses the hurdles race in the Olympics, bringing shame to himself and his country
A guy walks into a bar Ouch
A naked woman walks into a bar ... and asks for a shot of whiskey. Everybody looks perplexed at her, jaws being dropped and all that. The bartender gives her the shot, and looks at her as if he was inspecting. The woman asks for another shot, so the bartender gives her another one, but keeps looking at her. After a while, the woman gets annoyed and asks him:"Excuse me, but what's your problem? Haven't you ever seen a naked woman in your life?""I have"- says the bartender -"I'm just trying to figure out how you're gonna pay for those shots."
A Limbo Champion Walks Into a Bar. He loses his title.
A man walks into a bar. He lost the limbo competition.
A guy walks into a bar and orders finest scotch.Bartender: (giving him the drink) that would be $2 Sir.Guy: woah, this is cheap. You are good people. I want to thank your manager. Where is he?Bartender: in the hotel room Sir, with my wife.Guy: What's he doing with your wife?Bartender: The same thing I'm doing with his business.
a white guy with a beautiful parrot on his shoulder walks into a bar. The Bartender says, "Hey, that is really something. What exactly is it?"  "I don't know" says the parrot, "it started out as a wart on my ass."
A ham sandwich walks into a bar and orders a beer. Bartender says, ‘Sorry we don’t serve food here.
A pirate walks into a bar with a steering wheel down his pants. The bartender looks at him for a second and says "Alright. I'll ask. What's with the steering wheel?"The pirate says "YAR! It be drivin' me nuts!"
A black guy with a beautiful parrot on his shoulder walks into a bar. The Bartender says, "Hey, that is really something. Where'd you get it?" "Africa," says the parrot.
A pimp walks into a bar and he sees this gorgeous blond standing there right in front of him, and he shoots her, right in the middle of the forehead, accurate as you like, and she drops down dead.The gunshot causes a commotion and everybody is scrambling for the exit screaming, including this stunning brunette. The pimp spots her and shoots her right in the back of the head, accurate as you like, and she drops down, dead.He then sees an ugly redhead scrambling for the exit and takes aim, but completely misses her. The police arrive seconds later and arrest the pimp.As the police are carrying him out to the police car, the redhead runs over to him and asks, "How come you missed me?"The pimp replies, "Well, I'm only used to smoking hot chicks."
A man walks into a bar and orders 11 shots. The the bartender pours the shots and asks the man what the occasion is. The man says "First time for a blow job today." The bartender congratulated the man and said "For such an occasion, I'll add a 12th shot on the house." The man said "Nah, don't worry about it. If 11 doesn't get the taste out of my mouth, 12 won't either."
A man walks into a bar Then he has a bruise for like a week
A man walks into a bar Ouch.
a bear walks into a bar the bartender says "what can i get you? the bear says"................................................................................................................................................i will just have a beer" the bartender says "why the big pause?"
A seal walks into a bar The bartender says, "What'll it be?"The seal says, "Anything but a Canadian Club."
A black man walks into a bar his cell door was still closed.
A Bear walks into a bar part 2 A bear walks into a bar(Bartender) Hello what will you have(Bear) Ill have a ........................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................beer.(Bartender) Ok sure but why the long paws(Bear) I dont know I was born with them
A tree walks into a bar  The bartender asks him to leave.
A man walks into a bar Ouch.
A rather confident 007 walks into a bar and takes a seat next to a very attractive woman. He gives her a quick glance, then casually looks at his watch for a moment. The woman notices this and asks, "Is your date running late?""No", he replies, "I've just been given this state-of-the-art watch by Q and I was just testing it."The intrigued woman says, "A state-of-the-art watch? What's so special about it?""It uses alpha waves to telepathically talk to me", he explains."What's it telling you now?""Well, it says you're not wearing any knickers..."The woman giggles and replies, "Well it must be broken because I am wearing knickers!"Bond tut tuts, taps his watch and says, "Damn thing must be an hour fast."
A man walks into a bar and says, "David Foster Wallace was not the greatest writer to ever live." . 
A skeleton walks into a bar and asks for a beer and a mop. 
A hamburger walks into a bar and orders a salad The bartender says "Sorry, we don't serve food here".
A blind man walks into a bar The blind man sits down, thinking he'd break the ice with the bartender by asking "Wanna hear a blond joke?"In a hushed voice, a man beside him says "Before you tell that joke, you should know our bartender IS blonde, or bouncer is blond, I'm a 6'4" black belt, the man sitting on the other side of me is 6'2, 250lbs, and a rugby player. The guy sitting next to you is pushing 300, 6'6, and he's a wrestler. We're ALL blond. So you think about it mister, do you really wanna tell that joke?" The blind man sat for a second, thinking over the odds and then replied "No, not if I have to explain it five times." 
f (x) walks into a bar The barman says "Sorry, we don't cater for functions"
A sociopath walks into a bar The bartender asks, "What do you feel like having?""Nothing."
A priest, a pedophile, and a rapist walks into a bar He orders a beer 
A porkchop walks into a bar The bartender says "Sorry, we don't serve food here."
Guy Walks Into a Bar  a guy walks into a bar one day and he can’t believe his eyes. There, in the corner, there’s this one-foot-tall man, in a little tuxedo, playing a tiny grand piano.So the guy asks the bartender, “Where’d he come from?”And the bartender’s, like, “There’s a genie in the men’s room who grants wishes.”So the guy runs into the men’s room and, sure enough, there’s this genie. And the genie’s, like, “Your wish is my command.” So the guy’s, like, “O.K., I wish for world peace.” And there’s this big cloud of smoke—and then the room fills up with geese.So the guy walks out of the men’s room and he’s, like, “Hey, bartender, I think your genie might be hard of hearing.”And the bartender’s, like, “No kidding. You think I wished for a twelve-inch pianist?”So the guy processes this. And he’s, like, “Does that mean you wished for a twelve-inch penis?”And the bartender’s, like, “Yeah. Why, what did you wish for?”And the guy’s, like, “World peace.”So the bartender is understandably ashamed.And the guy orders a beer, like everything is normal, but it’s obvious that something has changed between him and the bartender.And the bartender’s, like, “I feel like I should explain myself further.”And the guy’s, like, “You don’t have to.”But the bartender continues, in a hushed tone. And he’s, like, “I have what’s known as penile dysmorphic disorder. Basically, what that means is I fixate on my size. It’s not that I’m small down there. I’m actually within the normal range. Whenever I see it, though, I feel inadequate.”And the guy feels sorry for him. So he’s, like, “Where do you think that comes from?”And the bartender’s, like, “I don’t know. My dad and I had a tense relationship. He used to cheat on my mom, and I knew it was going on, but I didn’t tell her. I think it’s wrapped up in that somehow.”And the guy’s, like, “Have you ever seen anyone about this?”And the bartender’s, like, “Oh, yeah, I started seeing a therapist four years ago. But she says we’ve barely scratched the surface.”So, at around this point, the twelve-inch pianist finishes up his sonata. And he walks over to the bar and climbs onto one of the stools. And he’s, like, “Listen, I couldn’t help but overhear the end of your conversation. I never told anyone this before, but my dad and I didn’t speak the last ten years of his life.”And the bartender’s, like, “Tell me more about that.” And he pours the pianist a tiny glass of whiskey.And the twelve-inch pianist is, like, “He was a total monster. Beat us all. Told me once I was an accident.”And the bartender’s, like, “That’s horrible.”And the twelve-inch pianist shrugs. And he’s, like, “You know what? I’m over it. He always said I wouldn’t amount to anything, because of my height? Well, now look at me. I’m a professional musician!”And the pianist starts to laugh, but it’s a forced kind of laughter, and you can see the pain behind it. And then he’s, like, “When he was in the hospital, he had one of the nurses call me. I was going to go see him. Bought a plane ticket and everything. But before I could make it back to Tampa . . .”And then he starts to cry. And he’s, like, “I just wish I’d had a chance to say goodbye to my old man.”And all of a sudden there’s this big cloud of smoke—and a beat-up Plymouth Voyager appears!And the pianist is, like, “I said ‘old man,’ not ‘old van’!”And everybody laughs. And the pianist is, like, “Your genie’s hard of hearing.”And the bartender says, “No kidding. You think I wished for a twelve-inch pianist?”And as soon as the words leave his lips he regrets them. Because the pianist is, like, “Oh, my God. You didn’t really want me.”And the bartender’s, like, “No, it’s not like that.” You know, trying to backpedal.And the pianist smiles ruefully and says, “Once an accident, always an accident.” And he drinks all of his whiskey.And the bartender’s, like, “Brian, I’m sorry. I didn’t mean that.”And the pianist smashes his whiskey glass against the wall and says, “Well, I didn’t mean that.”And the bartender’s, like, “Whoa, calm down.”And the pianist is, like, “Fuck you!” And he’s really drunk, because he’s only one foot tall and so his tolerance for alcohol is extremely low. And he’s, like, “Fuck you, asshole! Fuck you!”And he starts throwing punches, but he’s too small to do any real damage, and eventually he just collapses in the bartender’s arms.And suddenly he has this revelation. And he’s, like, “My God, I’m just like him. I’m just like him.” And he starts weeping.And the bartender’s, like, “No, you’re not. You’re better than he was.”And the pianist is, like, “That’s not true. I’m worthless!”And the bartender grabs the pianist by the shoulders and says, “Damn it, Brian, listen to me! My life was hell before you entered it. Now I look forward to every day. You’re so talented and kind and you light up this whole bar. Hell, you light up my whole life. If I had a second wish, you know what it would be? It would be for you to realize how beautiful you are.”And the bartender kisses the pianist on the lips.So the guy, who’s been watching all this, is surprised, because he didn’t know the bartender was gay. It doesn’t bother him; it just catches him off guard, you know? So he goes to the bathroom, to give them a little privacy. And there’s the genie.So the guy’s, like, “Hey, genie, you need to get your ears fixed.”And the genie’s, like, “Who says they’re broken?” And he opens the door, revealing the happy couple, who are kissing and gaining strength from each other.And the guy’s, like, “Well done.”And then the genie says, “That bartender’s tiny penis is going to seem huge from the perspective of his one-foot-tall boyfriend.”And the graphic nature of the comment kind of kills the moment.And the genie’s, like, “I’m sorry. I should’ve left that part unsaid. I always do that. I take things too far.”And the guy’s, like, “Don’t worry about it. Let’s just grab a beer. It’s on me.” by Simon Rich (The New Yorker)
A termite walks into a bar And asks, "Is the bar tender here?"
A robber walks into a bar and asks, "is the bar tender here?"
An Irishman walks into a bar. And then another Irishman walks into the bar.
And another one.
And another one.
And another one.
And another one.
And another one.
A truck driver walks into a bar He tells the bartender "give me a whiskey, straight up". The bartender pours him a whiskey, the truck driver takes it, sloshes it around in his mouth, and spits it out on the floor. He asks the bartender for another. The bartender obliges and pours him another whiskey. Once again, the truck driver sloshes it around in his mouth and spits it out on the floor. At this point the bartender gets upset. "Hey buddy! What's your problem?? Your making a mess all over my bar!" The truck driver replies, "Sorry, I just had a really bad day! As I was making a delivery, I drove into this tiny little alley, but at the same time, another truck driver drove into the same alley at the other end. I honked my horn and told the guy to back out since we couldn't both fit. "We fit!!" he yells back. "We DON'T FIT!!" I yell back. "WE FIT!!" he persists. So I tell him, "if you think we fit I'll give you a BJ right here, right now!!!" The bartender asks "ok, so what happened?" The truck driver replied:"That little bastard sure can drive!"
A golf club walks into a bar. A golf club walks into a local bar and asks the barman for a pint of beer.  The barman refuses to serve him. "Why not," asks the golf club.  "You'll be driving later," replies the bartender.  
Guy Walks Into a Bar. A guy walks into a bar one day and he can’t believe his eyes. There, in the corner, there’s this one-foot-tall man, in a little tuxedo, playing a tiny grand piano.So the guy asks the bartender, “Where’d he come from?”And the bartender’s, like, “There’s a genie in the men’s room who grants wishes.”So the guy runs into the men’s room and, sure enough, there’s this genie. And the genie’s, like, “Your wish is my command.” So the guy’s, like, “O.K., I wish for world peace.” And there’s this big cloud of smoke—and then the room fills up with geese.So the guy walks out of the men’s room and he’s, like, “Hey, bartender, I think your genie might be hard of hearing.”And the bartender’s, like, “No kidding. You think I wished for a twelve-inch pianist?”
A pirate walks into a bar.. So, this pirate walks into a bar to have a drink.The barkeeper looks at him and says: "Sir, do you know that you have a steering wheel on your crotch?">Says the pirate: "Ayy, it's driving me nuts!"
A Pirate walks into a bar Pirate walks into a bar with a steering wheel hanging out of his fly, bartender says, "Hey, you know you have a steering wheel on the front of your pants?" Pirate says. "Arrrrgh, it's driving me nuts!"
A blind man walks into a bar And a table. And a chair
A pirate walks into a bar So a little pirate walks into a bar with a steering wheel in his pant and orders a drink. The bartender give him the drink but  first asks, "Doesn't that steering wheel bother you? It looks uncomfortable." The pirate replies "Argh!! Its driving me nuts!!"
A skeleton walks into a bar And orders a beer and a mop.
A guy walks into a bar. ...holding a set of jumper cables and asks the bartender for a drink. The bartender says "okay, I'll serve you, but don't you start anything!"
Maxwell's Demon walks into a bar "In or out," says the bartender. "Just stop with the damned door."
A particle walks into a bar, but nobody is there. So he waves.
An old blind man walks into a bar He sits down and begins to speak:   "How many Blondes does it take-"  A burly blonde woman nearby interrupts him "Excuse me! I'll have you know that I'm a blonde wrestler and I'm sitting here with a weightlifter, a black belt and a professional boxer who are also blonde. Are you sure you want to finish that joke?"  The old man paused for a moment.  "I better not."  The women relaxed.    "I don't want to have to repeat it 3 times over" 
So a blind man walks into a bar. No one warned him. 
A blind man walks into a bar ...and a chair...and a table.
A cowboy walks into a bar A cowboy, who just moved to Wyoming from Texas , walks into a bar and orders three mugs of Bud. He sits in the back of the room, drinking a sip out of each one in turn. When he finishes them, he comes back to the bar and orders three more. The bartender approaches and tells the cowboy, "You know, a mug goes flat after I draw it. It would taste better if you bought one at a time." The cowboy replies, "Well, you see, I have two brothers. One is in Arizona , the other is in Colorado . When we all left our home in Texas , we promised that we'd drink this way to remember the days when we drank together. So I'm drinking one beer for each of my brothers and one for myself."The bartender admits that this is a nice custom, and leaves it there.The cowboy becomes a regular in the bar, and always drinks the same way. He orders three mugs and drinks them in turn. One day, he comes in and only orders two mugs. All the regulars take notice and fall silent. When he comes back to the bar for the second round, the bartender says, "I don't want to intrude on your grief, but I wanted to offer my condolences on your loss." The cowboy looks quite puzzled for a moment, then a light dawns in his eyes and he laughs."Oh, no, everybody's just fine," he explains, "It's just that my wife and I joined the Baptist Church and I had to quit drinking." "Hasn't affected my brothers though." 
A grasshopper walks into a bar . . . A grasshopper walks into a bar.Bartender: Ya know, we have a drink named after you!Grasshopper: You have a drink named Steve?
Helium walks into a bar and orders a beer, the bartender says, “‘Sorry, we don’t serve noble gases here.” He doesn’t react. 
A Duck Walks Into A Bar A duck walks into a bar around lunchtime, sits down and orders a beer and a sandwich.The bartender looks at him and says, "Oh my God, a talking duck! What are you doing here?"The duck replies, "I'm dry-walling the building across the street. I'll be in town for a few days."The next day, the duck walks back into the bar and the bartender says,"Hey duck, I was telling someone about you last night. They're really interested in meeting with you!""Is that so?""There's a travelling circus in town," the bartender explained. "The ringmaster was in here last night and thought you'd be a star attraction for them!"The duck looked puzzled and says, "Why the hell would a circus need a dry-waller?"
So a very depressed man named Mike walks into a bar He sits at the bar and orders a beer. The bartender asks him what's wrong. " You see that huge suspension bridge?" "Yes," the bartender replied. "I designed that. It's the most sturdy bridge in the western hemisphere, but they don't call me the best bridge builder." "Why not?" The bartender said. Mike, not listening continued, " You know that huge house down the street? I placed the foundation myself. That house won't move for a thousand years, but they don't call me the best foundation layer. You can do all these great things and nobody ever remembers the good accomplishments about you." The bartender looks at him sadly and asks, "That's a huge shame, my friend. So what do they call you?" At that moment a new patron walks in and looks at Mike. His eyes widen and he shouts, " Look the goat - fucker is here!"
A roast beef walks into a bar Bartender says "Hey! Get the hell out of here! We don't serve food here"
So a jewish boy walks into a bar mitzvah
A horse walks into a bar, the bartender says "hey SICCNESS206, put your pants back on"
A man walks into a bar. Ouch
A man walks into a bar But it's atmospheric pressure so he's fine. 
WALKS INTO A BAR DOUBLE VODKAS A guy walks into a bar and says to the barman, "Give me six double vodkas."The barman says, "Wow, you must have had one hell of a day.""Yeah, I just found out my oldest son is gay."The next day, the same guy comes into the bar and asks for six more double vodkas.When the bartender asks what's wrong, the man says, "I just found out that my youngest son is gay, too!"On the third day, the guy comes into the bar and orders another six double vodkas.The bartender says, "Jesus! Doesn't anybody in your family like women?"The man downs the first drink and shakes his head, "Yeah, my wife!"
A man walks into a bar And he orders 4 shots.Man: Have you heard the Joke that all insolvents know?Bartender: (amused) No.Man: Good. Then you can pay for my drinks.
A terrorist walks into a bar He orders a Molotov Cocktail
A mushroom walks into a bar. The bartender says  "Hey we don't serve your kind here."The mushroom replies. "Why not, I'm a fungi"
An ugly foul smelling creature walks into a bar and the bartender says "You should be at the dump!" The creature shakes its head. "Nah, they don't want a redditor either."
Man walks into a bar A guy walks into a bar with a ten foot alligator. The bartender says, "Hey buddy, you cannot bring an alligator into the bar." The guy says, "This is a trained alligator. I've trained him. Here, I'll show you." He walks the alligator over to the bar and unzips his pants, pulls out his dick and sticks it in the alligator's mouth. The alligator just keeps his mouth open with the man's dick inside. After about 5 minutes of talking other people in the bar about he trained that alligator, he pulls his dick out of the alligator's mouth and zips up his pants and says, "I think I've made my point. Anybody else want to try it?" A drunk man down at the end of the bar turns and says, "Yah, I'll try it but I don't think I can hold my mouth open that long."
So Hellen Keller walks into a bar and a table... and a chair... and a wall
A baby seal walks into a bar, bartender asks what he's having.. anything but Canadian Club
Walks into a bar. . A panda walks into a bar. He asks the bartender how he can get a little action for the night. The bartender motions to a young woman. She talks to the panda, and they go back to her place. After having sex, the panda abruptly leaves.The next night, the woman goes to the panda's house. "You owe me money," she says."For what?"The woman rolls her eyes and explains, "I'm a prostitute."The panda pulls out a dictionary and looks it up: "Prostitute: Has sex for money."The panda says, "I don't have to pay you. I'm a panda -- look it up." She is about to protest when the bear hands her the dictionary.The woman looks up "panda" in the dictionary. It says, "Panda: Eats bush and leaves."
A man walks into a bar. *"Son-of-a-bitch!"*
A duck walks into a bar He orders a drink, bartender asks how hes gunna pay for it.He says: Put it on my bill.
A blind man walks into a bar. And a table. And a chair.
A pirate walks into a bar With a steering wheel on his pants. The bartender says, "hey what's with the steering wheel?" and the pirate says, "Arrgghhh.... it drives me nuts."
A rapist, a pedophile and a priest walks into a bar. 
A non sequiter walks into a bar 3
A skeleton walks into a bar And tells the bartender, "I'll have a beer, and a mop."
A pirate walks into a bar with a steering wheel sticking out of his pants The bartender says, "Pirate, you know you got a steering wheel attached to your willie?"The pirate replies, "ARRG! It's drivin' me nuts!"
Chinese guy walks into a bar Walks up to the black bartender and says, "Gimme a jigger, nigger!"Bartender is obviously offended, and replies, "WTF?  Don't talk to me like that."Chinese guys says, "Aww come on, gimme a jigger, nigger!"Black guy says, "How'd you like to trade places, and see how it feels?"So they switch positions, and the black guys says, "Gimme a drink, chink!"Chinese guy replies, "Sorry, we don't serve niggers."
Mark’s walks into a bar and tells the bartender, "Hey Joe, give me 5 shots of Tequila!" Joe asks "5 shots?" Mark replies, "Yeah, I'm celebrating my first blowjob!" Joe says, "Well in that case, let me give you one more free." So Mark replies, "No boss, if this doesn't take the taste out of my mouth, nothing will."
A vampire walks into a bar He orders a cup of hot water. When he gets it he smiles, whips out a bloody tampon, and says Time for Tea!
A man walks into a bar Ouch!
A man walks into a bar and sees that the barman has a monkey in a cage. He asks the barman, "why do you have a monkey in a cage?" The barman says "I'll show you why." He opens the cage and hits the monkey on the head. When he does this, the monkey starts giving the barman a blowjob. He asks the man, "do you want to try?" The man says, "sure. Just don't hit me that hard."
A bear walks into a bar in British Columbia ...and demands a beer. The bartender replies, "Can't do it. It's illegal to serve a bear beer in a bar in B.C."The grizzly growls, "Buddy, I said give me a goddamn beer. If you don't,"--he points to a woman trolling for drinks--"I'll eat that woman.""No can do", says the bartender, "it's illegal to serve a bear beer in a bar in B.C."True to his word, the grizzly roars, leaps on the poor woman and rips her apart, eating her in front of the shocked and panicking bar patrons. The bear sits down at the bar. "Give. Me. My. Beer." he snarls.The bartender points to the door. "Get out! We don't serve druggies here.""WTF are you talking about?" asks the bear.The bartender replies, "I saw you. That was a bar bitch you ate."
An onion walks into a bar crying and the bartender asks, "What's wrong?" The onion replies, " My sister was fried into onion rings, I've lost custody of my kids and I'm bankrupt."The bartender replies, " OMG! A talking onion!
An Irishman walks into a bar An Irishman arrived at J.F.K. Airport and wandered around the terminal with tears streaming down his cheeks. An airline employee asked him if he was already homesick. “No,” replied the Irishman “I’ve lost all me luggage!” “How’d that happen?” “The cork fell out!” said the Irishman.An Irish priest is driving down to New York and gets stopped for speeding in Connecticut. The state trooper smells alcohol on the priest’s breath and then sees an empty wine bottle on the floor of the car. He says, “Sir, have you been drinking?” “Just water,” says the priest. The trooper says, “Then why do I smell wine?” The priest looks at the bottle and says, “Good Lord! He’s done it again!”Two Irishmen were sitting at a pub having beer and watching the brothel across the street. They saw a Baptist minister walk into the brothel, and one of them said, “Aye, ’tis a shame to see a man of the cloth goin’ bad.” Then they saw a rabbi enter the brothel, and the other Irishman said, “Aye, ’tis a shame to see that the Jews are fallin’ victim to temptation as well.” Then they see a catholic priest enter the brothel, and one of the Irishmen said, “What a terrible pity…one of the girls must be dying.Three Irishmen, Paddy, Sean and Seamus, were stumbling home from the pub late one night and found themselves on the road which led past the old graveyard.. “Come have a look over here,” says Paddy, “It’s Michael O’Grady’s grave, God bless his soul. He lived to the ripe old age of 87.” “That’s nothing,” says Sean, “here’s one named Patrick O’Toole, it says here that he was 95 when he died.”! Just then, Seamus yells out, “Good God, here’s a fella that got to be 145!” “What was his name?” asks Paddy. Seamus stumbles around a bit, awkwardly lights a match to see what else is written on the stone marker, and exclaims, “Miles, from Dublin.”Drunk OleMulvihill (From the Northern Irish Clan) staggers into a Catholic Church, enters a confessional box, sits down, but says nothing. The Priest coughs a few times to get his attention but OleMulvihill just sits there. Finally, the Priest pounds three times on the wall. The drunk mumbles, “ain’t no use knockin, there’s no paper on this side either.”Mary Clancy goes up to Father O’Grady’s after his Sunday morning service, and she’s in tears. He says, “So what’s bothering you, Mary my dear?” She says, “Oh, Father, I’ve got terrible news. My husband passed away last night.” The priest says, “Oh, Mary, that’s terrible. Tell me, did he have any last requests?” She says, “That he did, Father…” The priest says, “What did he ask, Mary?” She says, “He said, ‘Please Mary, put down that damn gun!’ “Happy St. Patrick's Day!
One blind guys walks into a bar And he says "Ouch!"...
Charles Dickens walks into a bar He orders a martini. The bartender asks, "olive or twist?"
A Rope Walks into a Bar A rope walks into a bar, asks the bartender for a beer. "We don't serve rope here" says the barkeepNext day, same bar, rope walks in, sits down and asks for a beer. "I told you yesterday, rope, we don't serve your kind in here"Next day, same rope, same bar. Before the rope walks in, he grabs some scissors, cuts and unravels his hair, loops himself and cinches his belt tight, walks in confidently and asks for a beer"Ain't you that rope I've been throwing out of here all week?" Said the bartender"Nope. I'm a frayed knot"
A blind man walks into a bar 
A piece of string walks into a bar a piece of string was walking down the street when it decided to get a drink... so it walked into the bar and hopped up on a stool and asked the bartender for a drink... the bartender pointed to a sign that said "no strings allowed" ... so the string hung it's head and left... the next day undeterred the string puts on a hat and glasses as a disguise and walked back into the bar... he hops up on the stool and asks for a drink... the bartender take a look at the string and says you're not fooling anyone and points to the sign "no strings allowed" ... the next day now determined more then ever ... the string wraps himself around himself and cuts some of his strings... he walks back into the bar and hops up on the and orders a drink... the bartender looks him over, points to the sign "no strings allowed" and say can't you read?... the string [replies](http://i.imgur.com/9ohNxGM.jpg)
Man walks into a bar Bartender get's his drink and asks the man, "how's your day been?""Oh fine, I blew bubbles." said the man."I used to do that," said the bartender."I know", said the man, "and Bubbles apparently liked it. He was asking about you."
A mug of beer walks into a bar The bartender sees him and says, "Sorry, we don't serve alcoholic drinks here." A rift in the space-time continuum is created as the bar ceases to exist.
A QA Tester walks into a bar.
A horse walks into a bar. The bartender, confusing idioms with jokes, offers the horse water but cannot make it drink.
Sarah Jessica Parker walks into a bar The bartender says, "why the long face?"
A rope walks into a bar and orders a drink.The bartender says "We don't serve your kind 'round 'ere!" and tosses him out.The rope, really in need of a drink since his main string just left him for a lasso, ties himself in a knot over sorrow, throws himself on the ground, and rolls down the heavily inclined street, bouncing into fencing, trees, garbage cans, and a small child.The rope, now barely recognizable, picks himself up, marches back into the bar, and demands his beverage of choice. The bartender looks up, suspiciously, and asks "Ain't you that rope I just threw outta 'ere?"The rope retorts "No, sir, I'm a frayed knot."
A gay guy walks into a bar and starts ordering drinks, one after another, until he's pretty drunk. Looking around place, he notices a big black dude sitting by himself in the corner having a beer.The gay guy takes another shot and walks over to the black dude and says"Hey... How'd you like it if I gave you a blowjob?" Out of nowhere, the black dude stands up and socks the gay guy in the face dropping him like a stone. He starts kicking the man and ends up beating the shit out of him.When he's done, the bartender runs up and says "WHAT THE HELL WAS THAT ALL ABOUT?! WTF IS WRONG WITH YOU MAN???"To which the black guy replies "I don't know what was his problem. I was just sitting there having a beer when this guy comes up to me and starts talking about giving me some sort of a job."
Mushroom walks into a bar and orders a drink. BARTENDER: We dont serve your kind round' here.MUSHROOM: Why not I'm a fun-gai.I'll see my way out, thanks.
A Clickbait walks into a bar You won't believe what happened next! 
A bear walks into a bar. The bear says to the bartender "I would like a rum and........................................................................................................................coke." The bartender says "hey why the large paws."
A black man walks into a bar with a parrot on his shoulder. Bartender says, "wow where did you get that?" Parrot looks at him and says "Africa, there's millions of them."
Navajo Indian walks into a bar Navajo iIndian that speaks very little english walks into a bar.  He looks down at the floor, then up to the bartender and says "Black Bug."  The bartender replies "Squash it."  Indian says, "No...black bug."  
An atheist and a vegan walks into a bar I know that because they told everybody.
A girl walks into a bar and sits down next to some guy. She orders a Bud light. The guy says she should try the magic beer. "Magic beer?" She asks. "Yeah watch this." He takes a sip of his beer, walks to the window, opens it and flies around to the front door, walks in and sits down. The girl says "that's amazing, do it again." He flies around to the front door and sits down at the bar again. The girl says "bartender, magic beer." She takes a sip, walks to the window, jumps out and falls 20 stories to her death. Bartender looks at the man and says, "superman, you're a real dick when you get drunk"
so a duck walks into a bar at 11am aand sits down. The bar keep comes over and says "what will it be? the duck replies " I will have a double whiskey on the rocks" the bar keep is suprised and asks "what's your name and what have you been up to all day? the duck replies "my name is huey, and I have been in and out of puddles all day, you know the usual" moments later a second duck walks into the pub and sits Down. The bar keep asks what he will have. The second duck replies " three shots of Yager" taken aback for the second time the bar keep asks the Ducks name and what he has been up to all day" the duck replied,  "my name is Louis, and I have been in and out of puddles all day" moments later a third duck waddles into the pub and the bar tender watches as the duck Struggles to settle down at the bar. the bar keep imediatly asks " what's your name and what have you been up to all day" the duck snaps " MY NAME IS PUDDLES AND DONT ASK HOW MY FUCKIN DAY WENT!"
A man walks into a bar and sits down. The bartender tells him, "if you make the horse laugh you get a drink on me". So the man heads for the horse in the empty room of the bar. The man whispers in the horse's ear and the horse laughs.    The bartender gives him a free drink.Next night the man comes back. The bartender tells him "if you can make the horse cry you get 3 drinks on the house". So the man walks up to the horse and them closes the door. After about 5 seconds he comes out of the empty room and leaves the horse crying.    He comes back the next night. The bartender working all three nights finally asks the guy "How did you make the horse laugh?" the man says, "Told em' my penis was bigger then his." Bartender says, "Well then, how did you make em cry?" then the man says, "I showed 'em."
A blind man walks into a bar, lead by his seeing-eye dog. He stops in the middle of the bar, picks the dog up, places it on his shoulders and proceeds to spin in circles. The bartender asks the man, "Hey fella, why are you spinning around with your dog like that, huh?" The blind man stops and says, "Oh, I'm just looking around."
A guy walks into a bar with his dog A man walks into a bar with a small dog under his arm and sits down at the counter, placing the dog on the stool next to him. The bartender says, "Sorry, pal. No dogs allowed."The man says, "But this is a special dog -- he talks!""Yeah, right," says the bartender. "Now get out of here before I throw you out.""No, wait," says the man. "I'll prove it." He turns to the dog and asks, "What do you normally find on top of a house?""Roof!" says the dog, wagging his tail."Listen, pal..." says the bartender."Wait," says the man, "I'll ask another question." He turns to the dog again and asks, "What's the opposite of soft?""Ruff!" exclaims the dog."Quit wasting my time and get out of here," says the bartender."One more chance," pleads the man. Turning to the dog again, he asks, "Who was the greatest baseball player that ever lived?""Ruth!" barked the dog."Okay, that's it!" says the bartender, and physically throws both man and dog out the door and onto the street.Turning to the man, the dogs shrugs and says, "Maybe I should have said Joe Dimaggio?"Heard this joke years ago and decided to look it up. 
Egg walks into a bar An egg walks into a bar and orders a drink.The bartender gives him a drink and the egg downs it, seeming unimpressed and says, "bartender, how about another twice as strong! " the bartender mixes another, stronger drink and gives it to the egg. The egg downs that one just the same, and again asks for a third drink, twice as strong as the last one.The bartender, now feeling offended pours a tall stiff drink that was certain to wipe the smug look off the egg's mouth. The egg drank this one in the same confident manner, but then his look soured. The bartender was glad to see the change in mood, but just then, the egg throws up everything inside of it, all over the bartender. Now, furious, the bartender starts to jump over the bar and handle business, but the egg stops him and says, "calm down, it's just a yolk! "
A neutrino walks into a bar and no fucks were given.
A horse walks into a bar ...the trainer says, "next time, jump".
A console gamer walks into a bar ...only to buy a free drink for 60$To anyone wondering this joke is not made by me but i just had to share it. Credit goes to /u/Unbiased_Bob
A termite walks into a bar And he says, "where is the bartender?"
An Irish guy walks into a bar A few hours later he goes home and beats his wife into a coma.
A guy walks into a bar and finds a horse serving drinks. The horse asks, “What are you staring at? Haven’t you ever seen a horse tending bar before?”The guy says, “It’s not that. I just never thought the parrot would sell the place.”
A sandwich walks into a bar. The bartender says, "We don't serve food here."
A pirate with two peg legs walks into a bar The bartender looks up from his newspaper and says "you're cut off."
A guy walks into a bar .... with a giraffe.They sit down at the bar and start drinking beer after beer and shot after shot. Finally, the giraffe passes out and falls to the floor. The guy pays the tab and is just about to leave when the bartender says: "Hey! You gonna leave that lyin' there?" - "Not a lion, a giraffe!"
A grasshopper walks into a bar and the bartender says, "hey, we have a drink named after you!"The grasshopper excitedly replies, "really!? You have a drink named Steve?!"
A prison inmate walks into a bar. 
A young man walks into a bar and young man walks into a bar. Completely embarrassed he gathers himself and continues on with his job. It's a tough life at the steel factory.
A blind man walks into a bar And a table. And a chair.
Man walks into a bar and orders 4 beers. Drinks them, and leaves. Next week same time does the same thing: orders 4 beers, drinks them, and leaves. The third week; same thing. The bartender is curious so he asks. "well, I moved here few weeks ago. Back home my 3 brothers and I met every Thursday after work for a beer. Since I was feeling homesick I figured I would keep up the tradition even if I had to do it alone."This goes on for several weeks until one week the man comes in and orders three beers and a coke. Bartender says, "I hate to pry but what happened? Did one of your brothers pass away?"The man chuckles and says, "No nothing like that. I decided to quit drinking."
a rope walks into a bar and immediately the bartender yells at him to get out, "We don't serve your kind here!". Flustered, the rope walks out. After some time, he figures he'll give it another shot a different night, hoping for a different bartender. "We don't serve ropes here!" a different bartender thundered as soon as he opened to door to the bar. Embarrassed and angry, he turns around and leaves.before setting off for home, the rope gets an idea. He ties himself into a knot, and messes his hair up really bad, and walks back into the bar.once the bartender sees him, he gets a confused look on his face and asks the rope, "hey - aren't you a rope?!" "Nope!", replied the rope. "I'm afraid not"
A woman walks into a Bar She asks the barman for a double entendre, so he gives her one.
A man walks into a bar and says: "Hey bartender! I fucked your mum last night!" The bartender looks up and replies: "Fuck off dad, I'm working."
A horse walks into a bar. The bartender says "Why the long face?"The horse says, "My wife was just diagnosed with pancreatic cancer."The bartender says, "Holy shit! A talking horse!"
A termite walks into a bar and asks, "Where's the bartender?" 
A cow walks into a bar n.
A racist guy walks into a bar but the bar is in located Alabama, so no one notices. 
A Vampire walks into a bar and asks for a ...a pint of blood and some crisps.Barmaid replies sorry we dont do blood here, only crisps. "Ah thats ok I'll have the crisps" replies the Vampire - he pays for them and sits down. A second Vampire walks in and asks for the pint of blood and some peanuts. Again the barmaid tells him there's no blood, just peanuts . Like the first vampire he takes the peanuts and sits next to the first. A third Vampire walks in and asks the barmaid for a pint of water and some pork scratchings. the barmaid gives the vampire what he asks for and sits down next to the other two. "Water?! whats wrong with you!? why not blood?!" asks the first vampire"Oh thats easy!" replies number three. He reaches into his pocket and pulls out a used tampon. "Never heard of a T-bag?"
Guy walks into a bar, sign says Win Grand Prize $10,000, ask the bartender So the guy asks. The bartender says, you have to do three things: first you have to whip the bar back's ass he's 6'3 and 250 pounds. Next you have to go down in the basement and pull a sore tooth out of my Rottweilers mouth. Lastly, you have to go upstairs and fuck my grandmother and she's 97 years old. So the guy excepts the challenge goes out back in fights the bar back. Somehow he manages to win but he's been beaten badly as he comes staggering back in the bar. He heads down into the basement and the dog barks, whines cries and let's out a deep moan. The guy comes stumbling up the stairs and back into the bar and he says, "now where's that old lady with the sore tooth?" 
A giraffe walks into a bar ...and says, "Ok boys, high balls are on me."
A blind man walks into a bar and he falls down and asks for help.
A tattered rope walks into a bar The bartender says, "Hey, are you a lasso?"The rope replies, "Sorry, I'm a frayed knot."
A man walks into a bar The man is now in a serious coma since he was stupid enough not to wear a hardhat in a construction zone.
A string walks into a bar and says  "bartender, bartender give me a beer"The bartender replies "We don't serve strings here"The string walks outside messes up his hair, ties himself in a knot and walks back into the bar and says "bartender, bartender give me a beer"The bartender asks " aren't you the same string that was just in here?"The string replies "I'm afraid not" (a frayed knot)
A duck walks into a bar and asks "Got any grapes?" Bartender says "What?  Grapes?  No, this is a bar, not a fruit store.  Get out, duck"Next day the duck comes back, "Got any grapes?"  Bartender says "Dammit duck, I told you to get out.  Quit coming here asking for grapes or I'm going to nail your beak to a barstool.Next day the duck comes back, "Can I borrow a hammer?"  Bartender is furious, "What's with you duck?  Does this look like a hardware store?  It's a bar!  I don't have any hammers here!"Duck grins, "Good.  Got any grapes?"
A grasshopper walks into a bar. The bartender says, "hey, I got a drink named after you!"The grasshopper says, "hey you got a drink named Steve?!"
A piece of string walks into a bar and proceeds to jump up on a barstool while calling out, "Bartender!  Give me a shot of your best single malt."The Bartender looks over at the piece of string and snarls, "We don't serve your kind here - get out!"The piece of string leaves feeling very dejected, until he has an idea.  He immediately contorts himself into a half-hitch and then rubs one end on the nearby wall.Ten minutes after being thrown out of the bar, the piece of string returns, again jumping up on the barstool while calling out, "Bartender!  Give me a shot of your best single malt.""Aren't you that piece of string I threw out of here a few minutes ago?""No.  I'm a frayed knot."
A horse walks into a bar… Bartender: why the long face???
A man walks into a bar He says "ouch!"
A kangaroo walks into a bar and orders a beer.  He pays with a twenty and the bartender figures, "What does a kangaroo know about money?" gives him a single in change.Then his curiosity gets the better of him.  "You know," he says to the kangaroo, "we don't get a lot of kangaroos in this place."The kangaroo replies sourly, "Yeah, and at $19 for a beer, you won't be getting many more."
A grasshopper walks into a bar and sits down.  The bartender says, "Hey, you know we have a drink named after you?"The grasshopper says, "You serve a drink called Irving?"
My go-to joke: Chicken walks into a bar A chicken walks into a bar, meets an egg. They go home together and the sleep together, and when they're done the chicken rolls over in bed, lights a cigarette, takes a drag, and says, "Well, I guess that answers *that* question."
A Termite Walks Into A Bar and Asks, "Is the Bar Tender Here?"
A pony walks into a bar, and is stared at by the bartender and patrons. He makes his way up to the bar, and in a raspy voice asks the bartender for a glass of water. He quickly downs the glass, clears his throat, and says, "you'll have to excuse me, I'm a little hoarse"
A horse walks into a bar. Several people get up and leave because they are now aware of the added danger that has been added to the environment.
A man walks into a bar.. ..and sits down. A little man about the size of a foot was sitting on his shoulders. The little man walks off and heads towards the bars piano and begins to play. The bartender asks where the patron got the little man. The patron replies, "There is an old wizard out back granting everyone wishes." The bartender rushes out to ask the old genie for a wish. The bartender comes back with a burned hand and says "Hey, i thought you said he could grant wishes? I asked for a red hot wife and he handed me a red hot knife!" The patron chuckles and said "I forgot to tell ya he can't here very well, that is why I now got a twelve inch pianist."
A horse walks into a bar and says "bartender, scotch on the rocks please!"The bartender, rubbing his eyes in disbelief says "did.. did you just talk?!""Yes I have, why?" Said the horse"It's just, incredible! I've never seen a talking horse! You know, you should really go talk to the local circus, they would LOVE to have someone with your skills!"The horse replied "why? Are they short on electricians?"
A Crow walks into a bar looking like he is in a good mood.     The bartender says "hey buddy, the boss still giving you a hard time or did he give you that vacation?"      The crow replies, "let's just say I finally figured out how to get away with a murder."
A Roman gladiator walks into a bar ...and holds up two fingers.  "Give me five beers, please."  
Brain walks into a bar. or maybe was his name Brian? No, it was like bill or brad or something. Anyways that dude had the best weed.
A priest, a rapist, and a pedophile walks into a bar.. .. upon assuming the beginning of a joke, he slams the nearest patron's face into the bar. Snarling, he grabs a beer bottle from the unconscious man's vicinity.. A drunken louse approaches him to attack and gets several lacerations from the subsequent bottle being smashed against his temple."No more joking", says the prederapriest as he approaches the bar tender and the frightened man pulls a shotgun from somewhere below the counter.His attempt to arm himself is in vain as the back of his hand is sliced with the jagged beer bottle and the gun is jerked from him.The prederapriest snarls a warning and empties the chamber of shells, then sits down."W-what the FUCK, man?" stammers the tender."Give me a shot of whiskey.""The fuck.. You just come in here and bust this place up.. And you think I'll serve you?"The deviant glances behind him, through the pub's glass doors, noting a draft horse looking into the bar.The horse pushes open the door, walking in, appreciating the break from cliche."Yeah.. And one for my friend. He's had.. A long day."
a programmer walks into a bar and says "hello world" the bartender promptly throws all the programmer's stuff away.
A guy walks into a bar with a ostrich and a cat ...and the trio sits down to order a drink. When the bartender asks what they'd like, the man says he'll have a beer. The ostrich says, "Me too!"The cat says, "Me too, but I'm *not* buying!"So the man says, "Relax, don't worry, I've got it."So the three of them drink up and when they're done, the bartender asks if they'd like another round. The man says he'll have another beer. The ostrich says, "Me too!"The cat says, "Me too, but I'm *not* buying!"So the man says, "Relax, don't worry, I've got it."This goes on for a few hours. The group drinks and laughs and hangs around, basically until last call. When they start getting their things together, the bartender asks if they'd like a scotch to finish the night. The man says sure. The ostrich says, "Me too!"The cat says, "Me too, but I'm *not* buying!"So the man says, "Relax, don't worry, I've got it."The trio finishes their drinks and get up to leave. But before the man gets out the door, the bartender grabs him and says, "Hey, buddy, I'm sorry, but it's been bugging me all night. What's with the ostrich and the cat?"The man says, "Well, the other day, I was walking along the beach, and my foot banged into this old lamp. Out popped a genie, and he gave me one wish for freeing him. So I wished for a chick with long legs and a tight pussy."
A blind man walks into a bar ... a table, and a chair.
A wig walks into a bar. A wig walks into a bar and asks the bartender for a pint.Bartender replies "No way man!"Wig "Why not?"Bartender "Have you seen yourself? You're off your head!";D
A blind guy walks into a bar ... then a stool, then a chair...
A woman walks into a bar and says, "I'll have an entendre, in fact, make it a double" So he gave it to her. 
A man walks into a bar And sees a man, about 1 foot tall playing the piano. "Damn!" He exclaims, "how is this possible?"The bartender explained that there is a genie in the back of the bar. Excited, the man goes into the back of the bar and wishes for a million bucks. To his surprise, suddenly 1 million ducks fly out of the bar. "This genie has some bad hearing! I asked for a million bucks, and I got a million ducks!."The bartender pauses and says, "Yeah, you think I really wished for a 12 inch pianist..."
A guy walks into a bar with a frog ...and sits down to order a drink, setting his frog (in its cage) on the bar. A few seats away from him sits a beautiful, young woman. They're the only two at the bar, so after awhile, with curiosity eating away at her, she asks,"So what's with the frog?"The guy responds, "Well, he's no ordinary frog. He can do this special trick."The girl, now interested, asks, "What's the trick?"To which the guy responds, "Ah- well... It's kind of a taboo sort of thing. It would make you uncomfortable."But, the girl insists, until finally the guy gives in and tells her what the trick is. "My frog, he, well, he eats pussy."The girl is shocked, but also somewhat excited, so she asks, "Can I try it?"The guy says, "Okay, sure. I've got a few hours to kill. I have a hotel room across the street, here's the key, just take him over there and let him do his thing."So the girl takes the frog and heads over to the hotel. After a little while, the phone at the bar rings, and the bartender hands it to the guy. The girl is on the other end. "Hey, so, I'm sitting up here, spread-eagled, naked on the bed, and the frog is just staring at me, not doing anything. What gives?"The guy lets out a sigh and says, "Okay, hang on,  I know what to do. I'll be right over." And sure enough, there was the girl, naked on the bed, the frog just staring at her. So the guy walks up to the frog, shakes his fist at it and says,"I'm only gonna show you how to do this *one more time*!"
A horse walks into a bar and the bartender says, "why the long face?" "My crippling alcoholism is destroying my family"
A slice of pizza walks into a bar and orders a drink. The bartender says "I'm sorry, we don't serve food."
A Priest, Rapist, Pedophile Walks into a bar He orders a drink..
A cow walks into a bar n.
A man walks into a bar Just kidding, he is actually sitting at home.
A man walks into a bar And see's a man, about 1 foot tall playing the piano. "Damn!" He exclaims, "how is this possible ?" The bartender explains that there is a genie in the back of the bar. Excited, the man goes into the back of the bar and wishes for "1 million bucks!" , suddenly 1 million ducks fly out of the bar. "This genie is hard of hearing! I asked for a million bucks, and I got a million ducks!". The bartender pauses and says... "Yeah, you think I really wished for a 12 inch pianist..."
A pirate walks into a bar with paper towel on his head. The bartender says, "Hey, do you realize you have paper towel on your head?" The pirate replies, "Arrrg, I have a bounty on my head."
So a blind man walks into a bar And a table And a chair.
A man with pica walks into a bar ...and orders a drink on rocks. Hahahaha! Smart people jokes are the best!
So a pirate walks into a bar ...and the bartender immediately notices a small ship's steering wheel sticking out of the pirate's fly. The bartender finds it strange, but he has seen some pretty weird stuff in his day, so he lets it slide and pours the pirate a shot of rum.After the pirate had been there an hour or so, the bartender's curiosity got the better of him and he takes the pirate aside."Hey, man...you DO realize you've got a steering wheel sticking out of your zipper, right?"The pirate sighed. "Arrrrrrrr, I know. It's drivin' me nuts."
A lady walks into a bar She takes a seat and tells the bartender that she's usually a mixed drink kind of lady, but tonight she'd like a beer and needs a little help choosing one.    The bartender asks: "Light or dark?"    "Light."    Then he asks "Imported or domestic?"    "Domestic!"    He offers: "Anheuser-Busch?"    Flattered, she returns: "Fine, thanks, how's your prick?"
A man walks into a bar A man is traveling through town and finds himself in an old, run down bar. After asking the barman for a drink, he notices a jar full of coins sitting on the counter."What are the coins for?" he asks."Bit of a competition... You see, there is this mopey, old donkey out back that just wont cheer up. We have been trying for weeks and no one's had any luck! Its a dollar per attempt. Think you are up for the challenge?"He decides to try his luck, puts a dollar in the jar, and wanders out back.Moments later, the donkey's laughter can be heard throughout the bar. The man emerges from out back, takes the jar of coins, and leaves.*Two weeks later...*The man is once again heading through town and decides to stop by the bar. He notices a new jar on the counter, overflowing with coins.He inquires about the jar and the barman replies, "Ever since you left, the damn thing wont shut up! That stupid donkey has been laughing his ass off day and night, so we started a new jar. If you can get him to shut up, you can have it."Without saying a word, he gets up, goes out back, and within seconds, there is silence.The man triumphantly returns to the bar to claim his prize, but before the barman hands it over, he asks: "I have to know... how did you do it?"The man calmly replies..."Well the first time, I told him my dick was bigger than his. The second time, I showed him."
A guy walks into a bar and sees a sign that reads Sandwich: $5.00Handjob: $10.00Repost a joke the next day: 1500 up votesNow, please, wash your hands and make me a sandwich.
A man walks into a bar and says OUCH!
A termite walks into a bar He says, "is the bar tender here?"
A String Walks Into A Bar He says, "hey bar keep, I'll have a beer". The bartenders sternly replies, "we don't serve strings here". The string walks away discouraged. He comes in a few days later and tries again, "hey bar keep, I'll take a rye". The bartender, more aggravated replies, "I told you, we don't serve strings here!" The string leaves disappointed.The string figures he will try again a few days later. He walks up to the door of the bar and thinks for a second....This time he ties himself in a loop and messes up his hair. He walks up to the bar and says, "hello bar keep, I'll have a rum and coke". The bartender replies, "hey, aren't you a string?" The string replies, "no, I'm afraid not"
A horse walks into a bar, the bartender says "Why the long face?"
A guy walks into a bar and sees a sign cheese sandwich
A guy walks into a bar and sees a sign that reads:Cheese Sandwich: $1.50Chicken Sandwich: $2.50Hand Job: $10.00He checks his wallet and beckons to the sexy bartender."Are you the one who gives the hand jobs?" he asks."Yes," she purrs. "I am.""Well, wash your fuckin' hands," says the man. "I want a chicken sandwich!"
A duck walks into a bar and asks the bartender for some grapes. The bartender says, "no this is a bar. We do not sell grapes."So the next day the duck walks into the bar and asks for some grapes. By this time the bartender gets very mad and says, "if you ask me for grapes again. I'll nail you to the bench."The following day the duck walks in and asks for some nails and the bartender says "no."So the duck was like oh sweet.. Got any grapes?
The ghost of a dog with no tail walks into a bar after closing time.. Barman: Sorry, we don't retail spirits after hours.
A cat walks into a bar. and orders a glass of milk. As a cat owner the bartender knows to ask him, are you going to knock it over, or are you going to drink it? The cat tells him he's going to drink it. So the bartender pours him a glass of a glass of milk, and sets it down on the bar. The cat immediately knocks it over and begins drinking it. The bartender is furious with the cat. "Why do you insist upon knocking the drink over and licking it off the bar?" The bartender screams. The cat stops drinking his milk, licks his mouth, looks at the bartender, and says, "I don't know, why do you insist upon putting my drinks in a cup?"
A black man walks into a bar with a parrot on his shoulder, and approaches the bartender for a drink."That's a cool pet," says the bartender, "where on earth did you get it?""Africa," said the parrot.
Pavlov walks into a bar and hears a loud bell. "Oh shit," he exclaims. "I forgot to feed my dogs."
A fascist walks into a bar.. he orders 1 strong liter.
A cabbage walks into a bar wearing a red leaf. The bartender takes one look at it and asks another patron how they feel about the cabbages bold new look. The patron replies, "I think it's ridic yo."
Pirate Walks into a bar Bartender says - "Hey Pirate..." The Pirate walks over to the barkeep, and gives him a nod. The bartender says, "I don't mean to embarass you, but I noticed you've got a steering wheel attached to your crotch." The pirate looks down and says "ArrrH I know, and it be drivin me nuts!"
A pirate with a parrot on his shoulder walks into a bar "Bartender, bring me a pint of grog!" says te pirate. "And I'll have a cola!" shouts the parrot. "Shut up, stupid bird, no cola for you."He finishes his drink and orders another.  "And I'll have a cola!" shouts the parrot again. "You are not getting any cola, and if you don't shut up I'll nail your wings to the wall!".Soon after that he orders his third grog, and the parrot says: "And I'll have a cola!". "Right, that's it!" He grabs the parrot and nails both wings to the wall.The parrot is hanging there and notices a Jesus statue on the other wall and asks: "Were you also craving a cola?"
A chicken walks into a bar.Bartender: "We don't serve poultry"Chicken: "Don't worry I'm only feeling a bit peckish"Bartender: "No, I mean we don't serve birds"Chicken: "Why?"Bartender: "You might run the place afoul"Chicken: "But my wing-man is a duck"Bartender: "You might want to try some where else if you want to get down"Chicken: "I heard this was the best place to get laid"Bartender: "Well its not here... have you tried the place across the street?"
So a horse walks into a bar and the bartender asks "Why the fuck is there a horse in my bar?"
A Roman walks into a bar Holds up two fingers and says five beers please.
Schrodinger's Cat Walks Into A Bar and Does Not 
A man walks into a bar with an Octopus  He sets the creature down on the bartop, and pulls a one-hundred dollar bill from his pocket, and lays it down next to the octopus. He says to the bar at large, "I will bet $100 to anyone in here that they can't find an instrument my friend here can't play." So a man stands up near the back, and brings forwards a trumpet, which he hands to the octopus. The octopus takes it, studies it for just a moment, and then begins to play beautifully, to the amazement of the patrons. Shocked, the man hands over $100 and sits down with his trumpet. After a minute, another man comes forwards with a guitar. He hands it to the octopus, who turns it over in hsi tentacles for a minute or so before he begins to play that too, also stunningly well. So the man hands over $100 and sits back down. After a few minutes with no other takers, the bartender reaches below the counter and produces a set of bagpipes, which he hands to the octopus. The octopus takes the bagpipes and turns them over and over in his hands, studying them intently. But, try as he might, he can't seem to figure them out. After a little while, the man leans over and says, "Play it already, will you? You're making me look bad." The octopus says, "Play it? As soon as I figure out how to get it out of these pyjamas, I'm going to fuck the hell out of it!"
A termite walks into a bar and says "Excuse me, is the bar tender here?"
A man walks into a bar and pulls out a tiny piano He then pulls out a tiny bench and sets it in front of the piano. Finally he pulls out a 9 inch man, puts him on the bench and the tiny man begins to play the piano. Puzzled, the bartender asks the man what's going on. "There's a gypsy down the road granting wishes" replies the man. Immediately the bartender runs down the street and approaches the gypsy. "I wish for a million bucks" says the man. The gypsy tell him his wish will be granted shortly. As the bartender is returning to the bar a duck falls from the sky, then one hundred ducks, then one thousand, and finally one million ducks fall from the sky. Confused the bartender goes back into the bar and tells the man, "I wished for a million bucks and instead I received a million ducks, what went wrong?" The man replies: "And what do you think I wished for? A 9 inch pianist?"
A pony walks into a bar and whispers an order, the bartender then leans in and says "sorry, I didn't catch that"So the pony says, "sorry, I'm a little-" Then suddenly the bartender slaps the pony in the face and shouts "GET OUT! We don't SERVE equine creatures here!" 
Auto-correct walks into a bar And the batman says, 'why the log fence?'
A man walks into a bar ...ouch
A Panda Walks Into A Bar A panda walks into a bar. He asks the bartender how he can get a little action for the night. The bartender motions to a young woman. She talks to the panda, and they go back to her place. After having sex, the panda abruptly leaves.The next night, the woman goes to the panda's house. "You owe me money," she says."For what?"The woman rolls her eyes and explains, "I'm a prostitute."The panda pulls out a dictionary and looks it up: "Prostitute: Has sex for money."The panda says, "I don't have to pay you. I'm a panda -- look it up." She is about to protest when the bear hands her the dictionary.The woman looks up "panda" in the dictionary. It says, "Panda: Eats bush and leaves."
A chemist walks into a bar and orders a glass of h2o The next guy in line says, "I'll have a glass of h2o, too." He died shortly after.
A man walks into a bar Ow
A pony walks into a bar and quietly whispers to the bartender that he would like a beer. The bartender says "i can't hear you. You will have to speak up." The pony say "I'm sorry I'm a little hoarse."
A man walks into a bar And goes right through it because hes a t1000
So a man walks into a bar His drinking problem is destroying his family
A duck walks into a bar and asks for a beer and pretzels. The bartender says, "I've never seen a talking duck." The duck replies, "Well, I work as a plasterer in the new construction down the street." The duck becomes a regular at the bar, coming in every day to order beer and pretzels.So one day a circus comes to town. The ringmaster comes into the bar and the bartender says, "You know what... there's a talking duck that works in the construction zone down the street. He comes in at lunch every day and orders beer and pretzels." The ringmaster says, "Send him over! We can use a talking duck in the circus!"Later that day the duck comes in and orders his beer and pretzels. The bartender serves him his beer and pretzels, and says, "You know, there's a circus in town, and they want to talk to you about a job.""A circus? You mean, that place with the big tents?" The bartender says, "Yup!" "And all the the animals and such?" "Yup," says the bartender.The duck answers, "Why the heck do they want a plasterer?"
A pirate walks into a bar with the ship's wheel attached to his pants and a parrot on his shoulder. The bartender says, "Hey, you've got your ship's wheel on your pants."The pirate says, "Yarrr, I know, and it's driving me nuts."
So a termite walks into a bar And he sits down and says, "Hey, is the bar tender here?"
Horse walks into a bar and the bartender says "why the long face?" The horse says "that's offensive asshole!"-The one and only OG Nipple
A transgender walks into a bar A man is sitting in his usual bar, enjoying a drink, when another man enters and takes a seat next to him. After a few uncertain glances, he realizes the man is actually a woman he used to know. He reintroduces himself, and they get to catching up. The man is quite intrigued with the  concept of transsexual procedures and they have a long, engaging conversation about how different life must now be for the transgender man. After nearly an hour, he bids his farewell, and leaves the cisgender man back to himself. At this point, the bartender mentions how nice it can be to run into old friends, and then asks if they had just disconnected or if he had been on a trip. The man replies, "something like that, he was a broad for a while" 
A 3 legged dog walks into a bar Bartender says "what can I get you?"  dog replies "nothing.... I'm just looking for the man who shot my paw"
A duck walks into a bar So, a duck walked into a bar, sat next to bartender and said:-	Gimme 1 vodka shot and some canned fish!The bartender couldn’t believe how the fuck duck could speak, but make the order and gave the duck what he want.  Duck shoot the vodka, ate all the fish and said-	Thanks! Let’s make a little deal – I work as a mason on a construction next to your bar – give me a little discount and I will be there every day, at 12’o clock and order the same thing, deal?Bartender was confused but agree. Duck left the bar, and the bartender was still shocked how the fuck duck could talk! Fastly he reminds and called his friend – circus director.-	Hey John, you couldn’t believe if you don’t see this! There was a talking duck in my bar! Also he said that he work next to my bar! That’s unbelievable! He will be there tomorrow at 12 o’clock, you must see this!The next day, circus director was there , sitting some tables further than the main bar and waiting for the duck. Perfectly, at  12 o’clock the Duck walks into a bar, order same thing and start to consume. After all he turned and start walking through the exit. The circus director step next to him and start a conversation :-I couldn’t believe u can talk!-What? What’s so special?-OMFG Duck! I want to give u a job in my circus!- Oookk…. But wait, is this a huge tent made of fabric and some ropes holding it?-Yes, but whats the matter?!?!-And there are wooden seats, right?-Yeah but wha..-And also there is a sand arena in the center?-Well, yes but…- So why the fuck do you need mason here?
Guy walks into a bar with. A guy walks into a bar with an alligator. It's about 10 feet long. The bartender flips out and says, "Hey buddy, you gotta get that son of a bitch out of here. It's going to bite one of my customers and I'm going to get sued."The guy says, "No no no, it's a tame alligator. I'll prove it to you."He picks up the alligator and puts it on the bar. Then he unzips his pants, pulls out his package and sticks it in the alligator's mouth. The alligator just keeps his mouth open. After about 5 minutes, he pulls it out of the alligator's mouth and zips up his pants and says, "See, I told you it was a tame alligator. Anybody else want to try it?"The drunk man down at the end of the bar says, "Yah, I'll try it but I don't think I can hold my mouth open that long!"
man walks into a bar with no mouth bartenders says "looks like you have a drinking problem"
A guy walks into a bar ...and sees the bartender and one other customer on a stool. The man sits down, orders himself a beer, and begins drinking his sorrows away. He sees the other customer is visibly intoxicated, but pays him no mind."Hey buddy, wanna know a secret?" slurs the drunk."Sure, whaddya got?" says the man."This here is magic beer." says the drunk, holding up his bottle "Watch this!"The drunk takes a swig of beer, stands up on the stool, and proceeds to fly around the room. He then lands right back on his stool and proceeds to drink."No way!" says the man, immediately ordering the same beer, chugging it, going up to the roof of the bar, jumps off...then hits the pavement and dies. The bartender, gazing at the corpse laying in front of his establishment, shakes his head and says"Superman, you're a real asshole when you're drunk..."
A Guy Walks Into A Bar........ Wait For It........ "Ouch"
A man walks into a bar with his talking dog A man walks into a bar with his dog and orders a beer and a light beer for his talking dog.  The bartender stairs at him, says "yeah, right" and the dog says "seriously, make it a Bud Light".  The bartender is amazed.Pretty soon the owner has to break the seal and ask the bartender to watch his dog.  While he's gone, the bartender hands the dog $5 and tells him to go across the street to Sully's and order a beer...5 minutes later the owner comes out, sees the dog gone, freaks out and yells "where's my dog???".  The bartender tells him he sent him across the street to play a joke on his buddy and the owner says "What the hell!!! He's a DOG - He'll run away!" and flies out of the bar.There he finds Fido, humping away on top of a beagle, and shouts "Fido - bad dog - I've never seen you do that before!!!"The dog doesn't miss a stroke, turns his head, and says "Well I never had $5 before".
A mathematician walks into a bar There are now two counters
A skeleton walks into a bar and orders a beer. ..and a mop.
A man walks into a bar and sees a tiny man playing a tiny piano. He asks the bartender about it and is tould that there is a genie in the bar that will give a one a free wish. Then, the bartender tells him that somebody asked for a million bucks the day before but was instead given a million ducks, so the genie must be hard of hearing. So the man asks the bartender "what did you ask for" and the bartender said "do you really think that I asked for a twelve inch pianist."
A proton walks into a bar and orders a dr pepper no ice The bartender replies with "are you positive?"
A pirate walks into a bar.. Walks up to the bar and orders a drink. Bartender recognizes the man and gets him a round of his usual. He gives him his drink and says to the pirate, "How are you doing old friend? If you don't mind me asking, what happened with your leg? You had two good legs last time you were in here."Pirate: "Well unfortunately I happen to be walking the poop deck one day and caught my leg in a hole in the boards. But, the doc fixed me up with a nice peg here. I'm fine!"Bartender: "Well that's all well and good but what happened to your hand? Last time you were in here you had drinks in both."Pirate: "My crew mates and I happen to get involved with another ship and as I was fighting the wretched sailor caught me right at the wrist. But once again the doc fixed me up with a nice hook. I'm fine!"Bartender: "These are both some truly rough injuries. However, I must know what happened to your eye?"Pirate: "It was a nice sunny morning and as I look up to check the clouds, a bird shat right in my eye."Bartender: "Then what's the reason for the patch? A shat in the eye won't make you blind."Pirate: "Ar, it was my first day with the hook."
A farmer walks into a bar with a horse He says, "I will give any of you $1,000 if you can make my horse laugh."A man yells, "I'll take that bet," and leads the horse into the men's room.After a couple seconds, a loud braying laugh is heard from behind the door. The farmer screams to the man, "OK, I'll give you $2,000 if you can make my horse cry."The man shouts, "You're on!"After a few more seconds, the man exits with the horse trudging behind him with tears streaming down his long-snout. Flabbergasted, the farmer asks, "How did you do it?"The man replies, "I said that my d**k was bigger than his and he laughed. Then I showed it to him."
A man walks into a bar with his pet giraffe. A man walks into a bar with his giraffe. He buys himself a drink and he buys the giraffe a drink.He drinks his drink.The giraffe drinks its drink. The giraffe passes out.The man gets up to pee and the bartender says: "Oi! Ya can't leave that lyin' there"The man says: "It's not a lion. It's a giraffe." 
A man walks into a bar. . Orders 21 shots from the bartender. After the man takes every shot  non stop, the bartender look at him confused. "21st birthday?", the bartender questions."Nah, celebrating my first blow job tonight!" He slurs."Well shit, let me buy you another shot." The bartender suggests."Fuck no," he says. "If 21 shots doesn't get the flavor out nothing will."
A man walks into a bar and orders a drink When the bartender gave him the drink the man took out his wallet to pay for his beverage. The bartender was shocked to see all of the cash that he held in his wallet for it was bulging with hundred dollar bills! The bartender in shock asked the man..."Damn son, whats with all the cash on you?"The man chuckles loudly and replies "Well you see its all part of my job. I am a bettoligist after all.""A what?" "A bettoligist, I make bets for a living! For example..I bet you $100 I can touch my elbow with my nose."Touch your elbow with your nose? He was sure no one could do that. So in fair sport he placed $100 on the table and watched as the man removed his fake arm and touch the elbow with his nose.The bartender was a little pissed and before he could get a word out the man said. "Ok ok I'm sorry. You can get your money back though! I bet you $200 I can lick my eye."The bartender knew that could not be done! Plus he did want his money back so he put down the money and what do ya know the man popped out his fake eye and gave it one good lick.The bartender was furious and kicked the man out of his bar for making him lose $300! But 10 minutes later the man came back only this time looking very guilty.."Look, I'm sorry I tricked you I really am! And to be fair lets have one more bet shall we!? I bet you $1000 I can piss in a shot glass 20 feet away without missing a single drop."The bartender's eyes almost flew out of his skull! THERE IS NO WAY a man could do that! No way in hell! He was sure of it this time! So, he put down $1000 on the table and set up the shot glass.The man pulled his pants and attempted to hit the shot glass only to miss way off his mark! He pissed on the tables, chairs, floor, bar, he even pissed on a couple of people at the bar and the bartender himself!!But the bartender didn't care! He just won $1000! He was laughing so hard and was dancing at the sight of him missing the shot glass.The bartender collected his money from the man and asked him "Why on earth would you make a ridiculous bet you knew you would lose?"The man smirked back and said "You see that table over there? I bet them $3000 that I would be able to piss all over you bar and you would be happy." And with that he collected the money form the table and left.
A grasshopper walks into a bar And the bartender says "Hey, we got a drink named after you."And the grasshopper says "You have a drink named Steve?"
A neutron walks into a bar and inquires how much a drink costs. The bartender replies, "For you? No charge."
A man walks into a bar His alcohol dependency is tearing his family apart.
A rabbit walks into a bar ..and says to the barman, 'I'd like a melted cheese sandwich'.  The barman obliges and watches as the rabbit demolishes it in two bites.  'Can I get the same but with mushrooms?', asks the rabbit.  Again the barman supplies the sandwich and watches as the rabbit eats.  This goes on for a while, with the rabbit ordering all types of delicious hot sandwiches.  Then, suddenly, the rabbit drops to the floor and starts to shake violently, frothing uncontrollably from the mouth.  'Are you alright?' Asks the barman, to which the rabbit replies..'yes, I'm just mixin my toasties!'
A man walks into a bar He says to the man next to him: "All lawyers are assholes"The man replies: "Hey I resent that"Startled, the first man says: "Oh I'm sorry, are you a lawyer?"The man replies: "No, "I'm an asshole!"EDITED: to appease a grammar asshole
So a young man walks into a bar in Ireland. He goes up to the counter to ask for a drink, but the old town drunk spots him, wondering who he is.So he walks up to him and says, "Are you Irish, boy?" and the man responds, "Aye, half."Then old timer says, "Oh ya, what's the other half?" and the man says to the bartender, "Guinness"
So a guy walks into a bar one day and he can’t believe his eyes. There, in the corner, there’s thisone-foot-tall man, in a little tuxedo, playing a tiny grand piano.So the guy asks the bartender, “Where’d he come from?”And the bartender’s, like, “There’s a genie in the men’s room who grants wishes.”So the guy runs into the men’s room and, sure enough, there’s this genie. And the genie’s, like,“Your wish is my command.” So the guy’s, like, “O.K., I wish for world peace.” And there’s thisbig cloud of smoke—and then the room fills up with geese.So the guy walks out of the men’s room and he’s, like, “Hey, bartender, I think your genie mightbe hard of hearing.”And the bartender’s, like, “No kidding. You think I wished for a twelve-inch pianist?”So the guy processes this. And he’s, like, “Does that mean you wished for a twelve-inch penis?”And the bartender’s, like, “Yeah. Why, what did you wish for?”And the guy’s, like, “World peace.”So the bartender is understandably ashamed.And the guy orders a beer, like everything is normal, but it’s obvious that something has changedbetween him and the bartender.And the bartender’s, like, “I feel like I should explain myself further.”And the guy’s, like, “You don’t have to.”But the bartender continues, in a hushed tone. And he’s, like, “I have what’s known as peniledysmorphic disorder. Basically, what that means is I fixate on my size. It’s not that I’m smalldown there. I’m actually within the normal range. Whenever I see it, though, I feel inadequate.”And the guy feels sorry for him. So he’s, like, “Where do you think that comes from?”And the bartender’s, like, “I don’t know. My dad and I had a tense relationship. He used to cheaton my mom, and I knew it was going on, but I didn’t tell her. I think it’s wrapped up in thatsomehow.”And the guy’s, like, “Have you ever seen anyone about this?”And the bartender’s, like, “Oh, yeah, I started seeing a therapist four years ago. But she sayswe’ve barely scratched the surface.”So, at around this point, the twelve-inch pianist finishes up his sonata. And he walks over to thebar and climbs onto one of the stools. And he’s, like, “Listen, I couldn’t help but overhear theend of your conversation. I never told anyone this before, but my dad and I didn’t speak the lastten years of his life.”And the bartender’s, like, “Tell me more about that.” And he pours the pianist a tiny glass ofwhiskey.And the twelve-inch pianist is, like, “He was a total monster. Beat us all. Told me once I was anaccident.”And the bartender’s, like, “That’s horrible.”And the twelve-inch pianist shrugs. And he’s, like, “You know what? I’m over it. He always saidI wouldn’t amount to anything, because of my height? Well, now look at me. I’m a professionalmusician!”And the pianist starts to laugh, but it’s a forced kind of laughter, and you can see the pain behindit. And then he’s, like, “When he was in the hospital, he had one of the nurses call me. I wasgoing to go see him. Bought a plane ticket and everything. But before I could make it back toTampa . . .”And then he starts to cry. And he’s, like, “I just wish I’d had a chance to say goodbye to my oldman.”And all of a sudden there’s this big cloud of smoke—and a beat-up Plymouth Voyager appears!And the pianist is, like, “I said ‘old man,’ not ‘old van’!”And everybody laughs. And the pianist is, like, “Your genie’s hard of hearing.”And the bartender says, “No kidding. You think I wished for a twelve-inch pianist?”And as soon as the words leave his lips he regrets them. Because the pianist is, like, “Oh, myGod. You didn’t really want me.”And the bartender’s, like, “No, it’s not like that.” You know, trying to backpedal.And the pianist smiles ruefully and says, “Once an accident, always an accident.” And he drinksall of his whiskey.And the bartender’s, like, “Brian, I’m sorry. I didn’t mean that.”And the pianist smashes his whiskey glass against the wall and says, “Well, I didn’t mean that.”And the bartender’s, like, “Whoa, calm down.”And the pianist is, like, “Fuck you!” And he’s really drunk, because he’s only one foot tall andso his tolerance for alcohol is extremely low. And he’s, like, “Fuck you, asshole! Fuck you!”And he starts throwing punches, but he’s too small to do any real damage, and eventually he justcollapses in the bartender’s arms.And suddenly he has this revelation. And he’s, like, “My God, I’m just like him. I’m just likehim.” And he starts weeping.And the bartender’s, like, “No, you’re not. You’re better than he was.”And the pianist is, like, “That’s not true. I’m worthless!”And the bartender grabs the pianist by the shoulders and says, “Damn it, Brian, listen to me! Mylife was hell before you entered it. Now I look forward to every day. You’re so talented and kindand you light up this whole bar. Hell, you light up my whole life. If I had a second wish, youknow what it would be? It would be for you to realize how beautiful you are.”And the bartender kisses the pianist on the lips.So the guy, who’s been watching all this, is surprised, because he didn’t know the bartender wasgay. It doesn’t bother him; it just catches him off guard, you know? So he goes to the bathroom,to give them a little privacy. And there’s the genie.So the guy’s, like, “Hey, genie, you need to get your ears fixed.”And the genie’s, like, “Who says they’re broken?” And he opens the door, revealing the happycouple, who are kissing and gaining strength from each other.And the guy’s, like, “Well done.”And then the genie says, “That bartender’s tiny penis is going to seem huge from the perspectiveof his one-foot-tall boyfriend.”And the graphic nature of the comment kind of kills the moment.And the genie’s, like, “I’m sorry. I should’ve left that part unsaid. I always do that. I take thingstoo far.”And the guy’s, like, “Don’t worry about it. Let’s just grab a beer. It’s on me.”By Simon Rich
Bono and The Edge walks into a bar. The barman says "Oh God, not U2 again." 
A clown walks into a bar (This is just something I came up with about two years ago. )A clown walks into a bar, sits down and tells the bartender "I got a joke for you.". "Alright", said the bartender. "So there's this Jewish guy-" In mid sentence the bartender stops him and said "I already heard that one". "Alright then", goes the clown as he gets up and walks out.A moment later he walks back in, a little sadder, but he sits down. "What it'll be?", goes the bartender. "I got a joke for you". Curious, the bartender said "Alright, lets have at it." So the clown goes "There's this kid-" "I already heard it", interrupts the bartender. So the clown throws his hands up and walks out.A moment later the clown walks back in, this time excited. As he sits down, he pounds his fists on the bar and goes "Boy, do I got a joke for you" "Alright, what is it this time?", goes the bartender. "I just ran over this lady and with her last dying breath she said...tell the bartender it isn't his."
A man walks into a bar with a bag over his shoulder Bar tender asks, what do you have in the sack? The man pulls out a giant turtle and raises it above his head to show everyone. He slowly pulls out his penis, brings the turtle's mouth to his junk, and the turtle bites down onto his cock. The man releases hold of the turtle and it hangs by its chompers from the man's limp dick. The man then pokes the turtle in the eye to get it to release its weight-bearing grip and says, I'll buy the whole bar a round if anyone else is man enough to do that. A lone man in the back slowly stands up with his hand raised and sheepishly responds, I'll do it, but...you better not poke me in the eye like that!
A grasshopper walks into a bar and asks for a beer ...the bartender says,"You know, there's a drink named after you." The grasshopper replies, "There's a drink named Murray?"
A man walks into a bar and asks for a bowl of chilli.The bartender tells him sorry I just sold the last bowl to the fellow next to youThe guy next to him says here you can have mine if you want it.So he takes it and starts eating it, he gets about 2/3s of the way done and finds a dead rat, and throws up.The guy next to him looks over and says that's about how far I got too.
A guy walks into a bar He goes up to the bartender and says "hey man I bet you $500 that I can pee into an empty cup across the bar and not get a single drop anywhere except safetly in the cup". At first the bartender declined this absured bet, but he was bored from a slow shift and figured $500 for cleaning up some pee wasn't a bad deal so his curiosity got the best of him. "Alright guy I'll take your bet, but if you get any pee on my bar you better fork over the cash. The guy jumps up and whips it out then proceeds to piss all over the bar and the bartender only getting a few drops in the cup. The bartender just laughed and said " wow you have the worst aim I've ever seen! Hand over the money." The guy reluctantly hands over the cash and walks over to somebody sanding in the corner. He comes back after a few seconds and sits at the bar with a big smile on his face. As the bartender is cleaning he says "hey how come you're so happy? You just lost $500!" The guy says " well you see I bet that person in the corner $1000 that I could piss all over you and your bar, and you would do nothing but sit there and smile"
A moderator walks into a bar "Fuck you, it's not spam!""Why don't you just let the votes decide?""I know you removed this for perfectly legitimate reasons, but I'm going to bitch about like a little girl because I have nothing better to do!"
A moderator walks into a bar.., [removed]
A guy walks into a bar. A guy walks into a bar with a block of asphalt under his arm, he says to the bartender "I'll have two beers, one for me and one for the road"
So a seal walks into a bar.., Get it? 
No?
Me neither.
A mobster walks into a bar, but then he turns around and walks out. Because he realized it was a set-up. 
So a horse walks into a bar The patrons of the bar then proceed to scream in surprise because there's A FREAKING HORSE IN THE BAR.
A rope walks into a bar, Has a seat and the bartender says to it, "Sorry, we don't serve your kind here."The rope, upset, ties itself into a knot and separates its strands.The bartender says, 'What are you doing? I told you we don't serve ropes here. You'll have to leave.""I don't think so," says the rope, "I'm a frayed knot."Barrum-cha![Bonus: A giraffe walks into a bar and yells, "The high balls are on me!"]
A man walks into a bar sits down and says to the barkeep "I need a shot and a beer before the fight." Barkeep obliges the man with a drink. The man says to the barkeep " I need another shot and a before the fight." Barkeep thinks to himself, this must be a bad fight, and gives the man another shot and beer. The man downs his shot and chases it with the beer and asks for another shot and beer before the fight. Now the barkeep is curious and asks "Sir, you must be in a bad situation. What is this fight all about?" The man replies "I haven't got any money on me"Sorry if this has been posted before. Heard it several years ago and it's stuck with me since then.
A woman walks into a bar turns out, it was actually a kitchen.
The past, present, and future walks into a bar. It was tense.
Guy walks into a bar with a monkey The monkey jumps up onto the bar, grabs a cherry from the drink garnishes, sticks the cherry up his butt, takes it out and eats it.The person sitting next to the guy says in disgust "What the hell?? Why did that monkey stick the cherry in his butt then eat it?"The guy says "Well last week we came in and the monkey swallowed a cue ball from the pool table.  Now he measures everything first."
A man walks into a bar. A guy walks into a bar with an alligator. This thing is huge, It’s about 10-12 feet long. An absolute monster. The bartender sees it and he starts freaking out and yells, “Dude you got to get that freaking thing out of here, someone is going to get bit by that beast, and I am the one who is going to get sued… It’s gotta go!The guy says, “ No, no, no…this here is the best trained, tamest, most docile gator you gonna ever see. He won’t be hurting no one, he wouldn’t hurt a fly. Let me prove its to you.” He snaps his fingers, and pats his hand atop the bar, and the alligator slowly climbs up on top of the bar. The man then unzips his pants, pulls out his package and sticks it in the alligators mouth. The alligator doesn’t move, and just sits there with his mouth open. After about five minutes, the man pulls it out of the alligator’s mouth and zips up his pants. The bartender is completely amazed, completely speechless. The man then says, “See, I told you he was tame, told you he was trained…. Hey does anyone else want to give it a try? I’ll buy you a drink if you give it a try…” The drunk down at the end of the bar speaks up and says, “Yah, I’ll give it a shot, but I don’t know if I’ll be able to keep my mouth open that long….”
A neutron walks into a bar, and sits down at a stool. The bartender is cleaning glassware.The neutron says, "Just a glass of Guinness, sir".The bartender looks up and stops his cleaning, and go gets the neutron a beer.When the bartender brings him his drink, the neutron takes out a few $5 bills.The bartender smiles and says, "Oh, for you, no charge."
A termite walks into a bar and asks: "Is the bar tender here?" 
A man walks into a bar .. orders 9 shots of whisky from the barman.. The barman asks "Are you celebrating something?""Yes", he says "My first blowjob""Congratulations, let me get you the 10th drink on the house!""Thanks, but if 9 shots won't get rid of the taste I don't think the tenth will either"
A man walks into a bar.. A man walks into a bar and says: "Hey bartender! I fucked your mum last night!" The bartender looks up and replies: "Fuck off dad, I'm working."
So a blind man walks into a bar and a table,  and a chair
A duck walks into a bar, sits down, and orders a beer. The bartender says "cash or credit ?" ...the ducks says "put it on my bill".
Clint Eastwood walks into a bar The barman says "What would you like?" And Clint Eastwood says "A Dirty Harry"
A skeleton walks into a bar, and asks the barman for a "beer" and "a mop". 
So a cat walks into a bar And before he can order a drink the bartender says, "Let me guess.. you're going to have a Mancattan." The cat replies, "sounds good but I think I'll enjoy a clawsmopolitan instead."
A pirate walks into a bar...The bartender says "Hey do you know you have a steering wheel in your pants?"The pirate says "Arrr... It's driving me nuts!"
WALKS INTO A BAR MONKEY EATS EVERYTHING A guy walks into a bar with his pet monkey. He orders a drink, and while he's drinking, the monkey jumps all over the place, eating everything behind the bar. Then the monkey jumps on to the pool table and swallows a billiard ball.The bartender screams at the guy, "Your monkey just ate the cue ball off my pool table -- whole!""Sorry," replied the guy. "He eats everything in sight, the little bastard. I'll pay for everything."The man finishes his drink, pays and leaves.Two weeks later, he's in the bar with his pet monkey, again. He orders a drink, and the monkey starts running around the bar. The monkey finds a maraschino cherry on the bar. He grabs it, sticks it up his ass, pulls it out and eats it.The bartender is disgusted. "Did you see what your monkey did now?" he asks."Yeah," replies the guy. "He still eats everything in sight, but ever since he swallowed that cue ball, he measures stuff first."
A guy walks into a bar and asks the bartender what his favorite joke was. The bartender says "a man walks into a bar and..." then the guy says "oh, oops. I accidentally switched 'man' with 'guy.'"
Man walks into a bar(long) ...he's a stuffy, fussy looking guy. Asks for a 20 year old single malt Scotch. This request gets the attention of 3 knuckleheads at the other end of the bar. The bartender says (to himself), "Who does this guy think he is?", and serves him a glass of Scotch from the well. The customer takes a sip, and gives it back to the bartender, stating "This is not even an aged Scotch. I want a 20 year old single malt Scotch. Impressed, the bartender takes down a bottle of 8 year old Scotch, pours a glass, and gives it to the customer. He takes a sip, and returns the glass, stating "This is an 8 year old blended Scotch; I asked for a 20 year old single malt Scotch". So, the bartender takes down a 15 year single malt Scotch, pours it out, and gives it to the customer. He takes a sip, correctly identifying the age, and returns it to the bartender, asking again for a 20 year old single malt Scotch. The bartender pours again, concealing the label from the customer, and, after taking a sip, the customer smiles and declares his drink a proper 20 year old single malt Scotch. And, in amazement, the bartender takes his hand from the bottle, and verifies that it is indeed what the customer ordered. One of the three drunks from the other end of the bar walks down with a glass, and asks the Scotch specialist to taste test it. He raises the glass to his lips, takes a sip and sprays it all over the bar, exclaiming "This is piss!!!"  "Yes "says the drunk, "but how old am I?"
A horse walks into a bar and the bartender says why the long face?(Old I know)But I've heard so many variations on that one. What others are there?
A horse walks into a bar. Bartender says, "hey, why the long face?" The horse says, "I have cancer."
A SQL Query walks into a bar It Drops by a Group of Tables and asks, "can I Join you?"
A skeleton walks into a bar. He orders a beer and a mop.
A bear walks into a bar ...after a long hot day. He sidles up to the bar, and demands a beer to satisfy his thirst. The bartender, accustomed to rude drunks, says, "Hoy! See this sign behind me? It says this is the 'No Bear Beer Bar'. We serve beers, but not to bears...so beat it." The bear, a little shocked from the abruptness of the bartender gets a little flummoxed, but stands his ground. "Yeah, I'm a bear. Do you see how big I am? Do you see how big my teeth and claws are?  I demand a beer. I had a long day. I'm tired, I'm thirsty, & I want a goddamn beer right now!" The bartender looks the bear straight in the eyes and says, "No... Bear... Beer... Bar... No!" The bear, getting angry now, looks around. He sees a lady sitting at the bar's end, with a couple of lumberjacks, giggling away. He returns the bartender's stare, and growls back, "Do you see that lady sitting over there? If you don't give me a beer, I'm going to go eat her. Now give...me... a... beer!!"  The bartender cooly says, "No bears get beers in the No Bear Beer Bar." So the Grizzly, now thoroughly pissed off at this blatant discrimination, lumbers over to the lady, & because of his huge size, swallows her whole. Then he walks back up to the bartender, and before he can say anything, the bartender says "No druggies allowed either, now get out!" This new attack stops the bear in his tracks.  "Druggies? What the hell are you talking about?" The bartender replies, "That was a barbitchyouate, bear. Now beat it." The bear, defeated, slowly exits the bar. Heading back out into the blazing sun, with the bar bitch upsetting his stomach. He heads off into the woods, and a few minutes later feels like he has to take a massive shit. He settles in and just starts to paint the plants all around him.  The cacophony of his dilemma can be heard for a few hundred yards away. Finally, as he clears out the remnants of a dismal day, he looks over to see a terrified rabbit crouching behind a small shrub frozen with fear while also trying to take a dump.  So the bear asks, "Hey pal. Do you have a problem with shit sticking to your fur?" The rabbit a little nervously replies , "Um, no. Not really." So the bear wipes his ass with the rabbit. 
A man walks into a bar. He is okay he just has a minor concussion. 
A bIack man walks into a bar and his cell mate laughs his ass off.
A man walks into a bar and yells, "All Lawyers are assholes!" Someone at the bar stands up and says, "I take offense to that.""Why? Are you a lawyer?""No. I'm an asshole."
This hobo walks into a bar… …and he sits next to this man eating a sandwich, a sour expression on his face. The hobo asks, "Where'd you get that sandwich?"The man answers, gazing straight ahead, "Here."The hobo asks, "Uh, how much was it?""Three dollars."The hobo checks his pockets, but only manages to find 68 cents. Desperation obstructing his better judgment, he says, "Hey, y'know, I could *really* go for a good sandwich right now…"The man gulps, and says with a grimace, "Me, too."
So a horse walks into a bar The bartender says, "Why the long face?"  The horse responds, "They wouldn't renew Sex and the City for another season."
A blind man walks into a bar, taps the man next him and says, "Hey, wanna hear a blond joke?"The man said to the blind man, "Look buddy, I'm blond. The man behind me is a 400-pound professional wrestler, and he's blond. The bouncer is blond. The man sitting over to your left is also blond. Still wanna tell that blond joke?"The blind man was silent for a moment and then said, "Nah, I wouldn't want to have to explain it five times."
A guy walks into a bar.. A guy walks into a bar and notices a very large jar on the counter and sees it's filled to the brim with $10 bills. The man guesses there must be thousands of dollars in it. He approaches the bartender and asks, *"What's up with the jar?"**"Well, here's the deal. You pay 10 dollars, and if you complete three tests, you get all the money."*The man definitely isn't going to pass this up, so he asks, *"What are the three tests?"**"You'll have to pay first,"* says the bartender. *"Those are the rules."*So, the man puts $10 into the jar. *"OK,"* the bartender says, *"Here's what you need to do. First, you have to drink an entire gallon of pepper tequila. The whole thing, all at once, and you can't make a face. Second, there's a pit bull chained up out back with a sore tooth. You have to remove the tooth with your bare hands. Third, there's a 90-year-old woman upstairs who has never reached an orgasm in her life. You'll have to make things right for her, before she bites the dust."*The man is stunned. *"I know I paid my 10 bucks, but I'm not an idiot. I won't do it. You have to be nuts to drink a gallon of pepper tequila, and then do those other things!"**"Your call,"* says the bartender, *"uut you can't get your money back now"*The man has a few drinks, then a few more, then finally asks, *"Wherrre's zaat tequil-l-la?"* He grabs the gallon with both hands and downs it with a big slurp. Tears are streaming down both cheeks, but he doesn't make a face. Next, he staggers out back where the pit bull is chained up. The people inside the bar hear a commotion, then they hear the pit bull barking, and the guy screaming, then the pit bull yelping, and then silence. Just when they think the man must be dead, he staggers back into the bar. His shirt is ripped, and he has large, bloody scratches from head to toe. *"Now,"* he says, "where's the old woman with the sore tooth?"*
A photon walks into a bar And he asks the barman for some peanuts.The barman says "Sorry, we don't serve light snacks."
An neutron walks into a bar [English and German version] An neutron walks into a bar and asks the bartender: "How much is a beer?" The bartender replies: "For you, no charge."The German neutron is not so lucky:Ein Neutron möchte ausgehen, scheitert aber am Türsteher: "Sorry, heute nur geladene Gäste."
A Mexican bear walks into a bar He stretches, yawns, then says "Oso tired"
A roman walks into a bar A Roman walks into a bar and asks for a Martini, the bartender gives him two and the Roman walks away happy.
A blind man walks into a bar And a table. And a chair.
A pirate walks into a bar. with a ship's wheel in his pants. The bartender asks him, "Doesn't that hurt?"The pirate replies, "Arr! It's drivin' me nuts!"
A blonde walks into a bar. Ouch.
A man fixes a lightbulb, crosses the street, and walks into a bar. He tells the bartender: "My whole life is a joke."
A man walks into a bar .... And orders a drink. As the bartender is getting it for him, he notices a jar of ten dollar bills on the counter."What are those for?" He asks."We have a competition running." Replies the bartender. "You put ten dollars in the jar and I give you three tasks. If you complete the tasks, you get the whole jar, which is valued at approximately $10,000.""What are the tasks?" Asks the man."Doesn't work like that. You have to put the money in first." Says the bartender.The man shrugs and puts the money in. "Alright, what are the tasks?""First, you have to scull a quart of tequila in under a minute. Secondly, there's a pit bull chained up out back with a rotten tooth, you have to remove that tooth with your bare hands. And lastly, there's an ninety year old woman upstairs who's never had sex, you have to rectify that.""Stuff that!" Exclaims the man. "Just give me my drink."An hour or so later, the man is incredibly drunk. "Alright!" He slurs "Gimme my tequila!" He sculls it in 58 seconds.He then gets up from his seat, cracks his neck and walks out the back door, slamming it behind him.The bar is quiet as the sounds of a terrible commotion come from under the door; barking, yelling, tearing until suddenly, silence.The door bursts open as the man stumbles in. He's covered in sweat, has a chunk of flush missing from his shoulder and his clothes are in tatters,"Right!" He calls out "Time to take care of that old lady with the rotten tooth!"
A Muslim walks into a bar BANG (bomb explodes)
A man walks into a bar ...and walks up to the bartender.  "Point out the toughest assholes in the place.  I'm going to kick their asses."The bartender looks around and notices a table in the back with four military guys sitting around it.  A Marine, an Army soldier, an Air Force soldier, and a Navy sailor.  The man walks back to the table and says to them, "Who's the toughest one here?  We're going to go out back and I'm going to kick your ass."The Marine jumped up and went out back with the challenger and promptly got his ass kicked.  The challenger walked back in and told the others, "That's Muy Thai from Thailand.  That's how I fucked him up."The next night, the man returns and the Army soldier jumps up and goes out back where he also gets his ass kicked.  The challenger walks back in and says, "That's Shotokan from Okinawa.  That's how I fucked him up."The next night, the Air Force soldier is next.  He gets up and goes out back and gets his ass kicked.  The challenger walks back in and says, "That's Chinese Boxing from Beijing.  That's how I fucked him up."The fourth night, the Navy sailor, naturally drunk already, stands up and stumbles out back with the challenger.  The sound of fighting was heard and then all was quiet.  The sailor stumbled back into the bar a few minutes later and said, "That's a crowbar from Sears.  That's how I fucked him up."
A man walks into a bar Another man ducks.
A guy walks into a bar with a small cardboard box, he asks the bartender: "Do you have a piano in here?"The bartender points him to an old piano by the wall. The guy sets the box down, and a little man gets out and starts playing the most beautiful music the bartender had ever listened to. "That's amazing," said the bartender, "Where did you find him?"The guy puts his hand into the box again, and this time pulls out an old bronze lamp, "The genie in this lamp gave it to me," he says. "Can I try?" Asks the bartender.The guy hands him the lamp, so he starts rubbing it, a genie floats out and says, "I will grant you a single wish,""I wish for a million bucks!" exclaims the bartender and just a the words leave his mouth, thousands upon hundreds of ducks start flying into the bar."What the hell?" Screams the bartender, "I wished for money, not ducks!"The guy started laughing, "What? You think I wished for a 12 inch pianist!?"Source: Local Newspaper
A man walks into a bar ...and immediately a third of him leaves.Two others come in, one vomits at the sight and leaves immediately while the other passes out.The barman scoops up the mess and the guy passed out, and throws them both into a giant blender.You've been sat, horribly drunk, watching all this happen.The bartender pours you a glass of frothing red liquid from the blender. What do you tell him?A: *I really don't want an other drink*^(I don't like this either but it was in my head and I had to tell it.)Edit: The remaining two-thirds of a man is "an", and one of the "others" is "other". They were made into a drink. an other drink.Additional: You're drunk. Perhaps you're hallucinating. You don't want another drink.
An Exam paper walks into a bar. An Exam paper walks into a bar, sits down and says, "So, bartender, what will I have?".
A guy walks into a bar with an ostrich and a cat. They all sit down at the bar.The guy asks the ostrich "Hey ostrich, want a beer?" The ostrich says "Yeah, I'll have a beer!" He turns to the cat and asks "Cat, do you want a beer?" The cat replies "Yeah, I'll have a beer, but I'm not paying!"The guy says to the bartender "3 beers please" . The bartender says "Sure, that'll be $15.60". The man reaches into his pocket and pulls out exactly $15.60 and hands it to the bartender.After they finish their beers, the guy asks the ostrich "Hey ostrich, you want a cocktail?" The ostrich says "Yeah! I'll have a cocktail!" and asks the cat "Cat, do you want a cocktail?" The cat replies "Yeah, I'll have a cocktail, but I'm not paying!". The guy orders 3 cocktails. The bartender says "That'll be $27.30". The guy reaches into his pocket and pulls out exactly $27.30 and hands it to the bartender.The bartender, astounded asks the guy "How do you manage to pull out the exact amount from your pocket without even looking?"The guy says to the bartender "Well, I met a genie earlier. My first wish was that whenever I needed to pay for anything, that I would magically have exactly the right amount whenever I reached into my pocket". The bartender says "Wow! That's amazing! But what's with the cat and ostrich?"The man sighs, looks at the bartender and says  "My second wish was for a tall chick with long legs and a tight pussy".
A pirate walks into a bar With his ship's steering wheel on his dick. The bartender asks, "Whats with the wheel on your john?" the pirate replied, "Arrg it's driving me nuts!"
Blind man walks into a bar ...bartender asks if he likes his beer light or dark. 
A man walks into a bar sits down and asks for a drink from the bartender and says "All lawyers are assholes"A man next to him says "Hey, that's offensive""Why you a lawyer?" The man replies"No I'm an asshole"Edit: well that's what I get for using auto correct. Word
A set of jumper cables walks into a bar The waiter looks at him and says " I'll serve you, but don't start anything."
A cave man walks into a bar "Hey, Joe, has any one invented booze yet?"
A man walks into a bar with an octopus He sets the octopus down on the bar with $500 and says "this octopus can play any instrument put in front of him. If you don't believe me put $100 on the table, and bring him any instrument, if he can't play it you can keep all the money that's been put down." Naturally, several patrons come up with instruments, the first with a guitar. The octopus picks it up, looks it over for a moment, and then begins playing licks that would put Jimmy Hendrix to shame. The next guy brings up a violin, the octopus looks at it for a second then starts playing a song that brings everyone to tears. This goes on for a bit and the octopus and his friend rack up a good amount of cash. The bartender decides that he's had enough do he goes out to his car and grabs his bagpipes. He sets them down in front of the octopus and the octopus just stares at it. After a minute or so the guy senses something might be wrong and he leans in and asks the octopus "hey man do you know how to play that thing?" And the octopus says "Play it? If I can figure out how it's pajamas come off I'm going to fuck it!"
A horse walks into a bar Several people got up and left at the potential danger in the situation.
A guy walks into a bar and asks for 10 shots of tequila.  Bartender lines up 10 shots of tequila and the guy shoots all 10 shots one after another.  Bartender asks guy what the special occasion is, or why is he slamming shots in a celebratory manner.  Guy says it was his first blow job.  Bartender says: "That's great!  Let me give you a shot on the house!"Guy says: "no thanks, if 10 shots of tequila can't get that taste out of my mouth, nothing can."
A man walks into a barbershop ...and says, "I want you to cut my hair longer on the left side and shorter on the right side.  Make it uneven along the back, jagged in the front, and take out a big chunk right near the top."The barber says, "I'm sorry, sir, but I can't do that."The man replies, "Why not?  It's what you did last time."
An alcoholic walks into a bar 
A mushroom walks into a bar Bartender says, "We don't serve mushrooms here!"So the mushroom says, "Hey come on, I'm a fungi!"
So a grasshopper walks into a bar The bartender says, "Hey, did you know I have a drink named after you?". The grasshopper says "You've got a drink named Steve!?"
A neutrino walks into a bar and it just keeps on going.
The M6 walks into a bar and says to the bartender "I'm the oldest and toughest motorway in Britain and if you don't give me a free drink, I'll smash your face in." The bartender, not looking for any trouble, gives him a free drink and the M6 goes to sit in the corner.Seeing this, the M2 strides up to the bar and says "I'm the widest and hardest motorway in Britain. Give me a free drink or I'll smash your face in." The M2, with his free drink was still not satisfied and went up to the M6, starting a heated argument over who was tougher.After a few minutes, a stretch of red tarmac walks into the bar. The M2 says "You want me to prove I'm tough, watch the state I'm gonna leave this bloke in."The M6 says "I wouldn't do that if I was you. I've seen his type before. He's a cycle path."
Black guy walks into a bar with a parrot on his shoulder. and the bartender says "Hey, that's pretty cool.  Where'd you get it? " The parrot said, " Africa, they have millions of them."
A man walks into a bar with his dog. A man walks into a bar with a small dog under his arm and sits down at the counter, placing the dog on the stool next to him. The bartender says, "Sorry, pal. No dogs allowed."The man says, "But this is a special dog -- he talks!""Yeah, right," says the bartender. "Now get out of here before I throw you out.""No, wait," says the man. "I'll prove it." He turns to the dog and asks, "What do you normally find on top of a house?""Roof!" says the dog, wagging his tail."Listen, pal..." says the bartender."Wait," says the man, "I'll ask another question." He turns to the dog again and asks, "What's the opposite of soft?""Ruff!" exclaims the dog."Quit wasting my time and get out of here," says the bartender."One more chance," pleads the man. Turning to the dog again, he asks, "Who was the greatest baseball player that ever lived?""Ruth!" barked the dog."Okay, that's it!" says the bartender, and physically throws both man and dog out the door and onto the street.Turning to the man, the dogs shrugs and says, "Maybe I should have said Joe Dimaggio?"
A snail walks into a bar and asks the bartender for a drink. But the bartender says "We don't serve your kind here!" So the bartender kicks out the snail. A few weeks later the same snail walks into the bar and says to the bartender "Why did you throw me out?!"
A man walks into a bar with a crocodile on a leash.. ...and the bar tender says "woah, you can't bring that in here!" And the man says "its ok, my crocodile is tame, look..." and he unzips his pants and proceeds to put his dick in the crocodiles mouth. The crocodile doesn't react. The man then says "anyone else want to try?" and a drunken man at the bar replies "I'll give it a go but I don't think I can open my mouth that wide."        
A vegetable walks into a bar Just kidding, he'll never walk again.
A mushroom walks into a bar Bartender- Hey! Get out we don't serve your kind here!Mushroom- Why not? I'm a "fungi"!Bam! You have all been "punned"!
A mushroom walks into a bar The bartender says "hey, we don't serve your kind here".The mushroom says "why not? I'm a 'fungi'Bam, you've all been PUNNED! 
A horse walks into a bar And being a horse, and incapable of speech, he poops on the floor and walks out.
So a lady walks into a bar and orders a double entendre ...and the bartender gives it to her.
A guy ties up his dog and walks into a barber shop He says aloud " Bob Peters"The barber says "No we only do haircuts here"
A mushroom walks into a bar The bartender says, "We don't serve vegetables!"The mushroom responds, "But I'm a fungi!!"
A skeleton walks into a bar and orders a drink and a mop. 
A baby seal walks into a bar ... and says,"I'll have anything but a Canadian Club."
A piece of rope walks into a bar Bartender says, "Sorry, we don't serve rope here"Rope walks outside, frizzes up his hair, and ties himself in a knot, and walks back into the bar.Bartender says "Hey, aren't you the same piece of rope that I just kicked out of here?"Rope says "No, I'm a frayed knot"
A piece of string walks into a bar ... and he's desperate for a drink.The barman takes a look at him and points to a sign that says "No String Allowed".The Barman asks "Are you a piece of string?" "No, I'm afraid not!" 
A panda walks into a bar, orders a sandwich, eats it, shoots the bartender, and leaves.As he gets outside, someone on the sidewalk asks why he would do such a horrible thing.  The panda replies, "Look up panda in the dictionary.  It says eats chutes and leaves."
A dog walks into a bar.. ...and asks for a beerThe barman is astonished and says "Bloody hell! A talking dog! You should be in the circus!!""The circus?" replies the dog, "Why would a circus need a plumber??"
A termite walks into a bar. The bartender does not notice and continues serving customers. Soon, more termites come and are still unnoticed by the bartender. Eventually the walls are practically filled with termites and nobody has noticed. The building falls one summer night and kills 12 people. 3 are injured so badly they need undergo rigorous physical therapy, but the bartender is unharmed. He later goes bankrupt and is killed in a drive-by.
A black guy with a new watch, new iPhone, and a new suit walks into a bar with a parrot on his shoulder The bartender sees the parrot and says, "where did you get that thing?"The parrot says, "Ferguson"
A woman walks into a bar and is carrying a duck. The bartender says, "Sorry ma'm, no pigs allowed." The women responds, "This isn't a pig. It's a duck." The bartender says back, "Yeah, I know. I wasn't talking about the duck."
A man walks into a bar, all angry, sits down at the counter, and says, "God, lawyers are such assholes!". The man next to him turns and says, "Hey, I take offense to that". The first man says, "Oh, I'm sorry. Are you a lawyer?" and the second man says, "No, I'm an asshole".
Helium walks into a bar, the bartender says "we don't serve noble gasses here" helium doesn't react.
Drunk chick walks into a bar and she calls over the bartender, and says, "Beertender!  Gimme a martooni!"The bartender patiently gives her a martini, which she disposes of quickly, then yells at him again.  "Beertender!  Gimme another martooni!"He rolls his eyes and serves her another.  But not ten minutes later, she's hollering across the bar at him again.  "Beertender!  Gimme another martooni!  And give me some antacid; I have terrible heartburn."The bartender replied, "Listen, lady.  One: It's Bartender, not Beertender.  Two: It's a martini, not a martooni.  And three:  You do not have heartburn; your boob is in the ashtray."
A big man walks into a bar with a drop dead gorgeous woman on one arm & a little short man sitting on his other shoulder. He orders 2 double margaritas, pays with a $100 bill and tells the bartender to keep the change. As the bartender sets down the drinks the little short man jumps off the big man's shoulder, screams & curses, then kicks both glasses onto the floor. The bartender says, "You are going to have to pay for those broken glasses." The big man says, "Ok, make us another round & here is another $100. You can keep the change." As the bartender sets down the drinks the short man goes through the same routine including breaking the glasses again. The bartender, getting annoyed, tells the big man, "Look I have plenty of glasses & can make drinks all day long but I don't think you can afford for this to go on." The big man tells him, "Don't worry about it. In fact here is anther $100 & you can keep the change." The bartender then asked him how he can afford to do that. The big man's reply was, "I found a lamp on the beach & when I rubbed it out came a genie that granted me 3 wishes." "That is great. What were your 3 wishes?" asked the bartender. The big man replied, "First wish was for all the money I could ever spend so I don't have to worry any more." The bartender asked, "What was your second wish?" "For the most beautiful woman in the world. And this is her, don't you agree?" asked the big man. "I will have to agree with that. What about your third wish?" the bartender asked. The big man replies, "The third wish was for a 12" prick & that is him sitting on my shoulder!"
A man walks into a bar(X-Post /r/BDP) One day, a bartender put up a sign on his door that read "If you can make my horse laugh, I'll give you a free beer."  A guy walked in and said, "I'd like to try," so the bartender showed him to the horse's stall out back and let him in. The bartender went back to the bar and waited until the man came back and said "He's laughing. Where's my beer?"  The bartender was surprised and went back to check. Sure enough the horse was laughing, so he gave the man a free beer. The bartender asked, "How did you do that?"  The man said, "It's my secret,'' then left to drink his beer.  The next day, the bartender saw that his horse was laughing non-stop and was beginning to irritate him. Frustrated, he put up a sign saying, "If you can make the horse cry, I'll give you two free beers."The same man walked in and said, "I'd like to try," so the bartender showed him to the horse stall again and went back to the bar to wait.  The man came back and, sure enough, said, "The horse is crying. Give me my free beers." The bartender, surprised yet again, went back to the stall to check and found that the horse was indeed crying.The bartender told the man, "Before I give you your beer you have to tell me how in the world you did that."  The man said, "First, I told the horse my dick was bigger than his...  ...then I showed it to him."  
A major financial scam kingpin walks into a bar Then he greases the palms of all lawyers & ensures he gets away without a big penalty. 
So a pirate walks into a bar with a steering wheel in his pants..Bar Tender: "hi sir, um.. you know you have a steering wheel in your pants right?"Pirate: "Aye! it's driving me nuts!" 
A mushroom walks into a bar The bartender says "we dont serve your kind." The mushroom replies "but im a fungi!
A termite walks into a bar and asks "is the bartender here?" Is the bar tender here?
A guy walks into a bar. He says to the bartender "hey jackass, give me a drink." He finishes the drink and says "hey jackass give me another drink" so he finishes the drink and leaves. Another man asks the bartender, why do you let him call you jackass? The bartender replies Oh HEE HAW HEE HAW HEE HAlways calls me that.
New guys in town walks into a bar.. A new guy in town walks into a bar and notices a large jar filled to the brim with $10 bills. The man approaches the bartender and asks, "What's up with the jar?""Well, you pay $10, and if you pass three tests, then you get all the money.""What are the three tests?" asks the man"Gotta pay first."So the guy gives him the $10 bucks, and the bartender adds it to the jar."OK, here's what you have to do. First, you have to drink that whole bottle of pepper tequila -- the WHOLE thing at once -- and you can't make a face while doing it. Second, there's a pit bull chained up out back with a sore tooth. You have to remove the tooth with your bare hands. Third, there is a 90-year-old woman upstairs who's never had an orgasm in her life. You gotta make things right for her.""Well, I know I've paid my $10 bucks," says the man, "but I'm not an idiot. No wonder you've collected so much money -- that's impossible!"The new guy proceeds to drink several whiskeys, and eventually, he gets up his nerve."Wherez zat teeqeelah?" he slurs.He grabs the bottle of pepper tequila with both hands and downs it, gulp by gulp. Tears are streaming down his cheeks, but he doesn't make a face. Next, he staggers out back. Everyone in the bar hears a huge scuffle outside -- barking, yelping and growling, then silence.Just when they think the man must be dead, he staggers back into the bar with his shirt ripped and gashes across his body."NOW," he says, "wherez at ol' lady with the sore tooth?"http://jokes.cc.com/funny-walks-into-a-bar
A pirate walks into a bar And the bartender says, "hey, you know you have a steering wheel hanging from your zipper?". The pirate replies,"arrr, I know, it's driving me nuts".
A duck walks into a bar Duck says: Got any grapesBartender Says: No sorry, this is a barThe next day the duck walks in againDuck says: Got any GrapesBartender says: No this is a damn bar, if you say that again I'm gonna nail your beak shut!The next day the duck walks into the bar again.Duck says: Got any nails?Bartender says: NopeDuck says: Got any grapes?Bartender says: I might not have any nails, but I sure as fuck have a stapler!The next day, after going through surgery to remove 246 staples from his beak, the duck had lost his desire for grapes.
A guy walks into a bar and orders six shots of tequila The bartender lines them up, pours them and the guy throws them back, one at a time. The bartender says in astonishment, "Wow, what's the occasion?" The guy says, "Oh, I just had my first blowjob." The bartender says, "Congratulations! In that case, the next rounds on me!" to which the guy responds, "Don't bother. If the first six didn't get that taste out of my mouth, nothing will."
A man walks into a bar when he visits germany to see if their beer is really as good as everyone says, the bartender sees he is a tourist and says, "I'm thinking of a number and if you get it you get a free beer, Want to play?". The man responds with "Nine!", and the bartender replies "Oh okay, let me know if you want to try"
A mathematician walks into a bar.The bartender says "You just missed happy hour. All drinks fifty percent off"The mathematician says "Thanks, I'll halve to remember that"
Bear walks into a bar Stop me if you've heard this one.A bear walks into a bar, the bartender says "We don't serve bears at this bar, get out!"To which the bear replies "Look, I just want a drink.""No, we don't serve bears here, you gotta leave." says the bartender."If you don't serve me I'm going to flip that table over." Says the bear with his anger rising."You can make threats all you want but the fact is we don't serve bears at this bar."So the bear proceeds to growl his growley growl and gnash his terrible teeth and flips the table over with such force that if flies all the way across the room. "Now serve me a drink or it's gonna get worse." says the bear."We don't serve bears at this bar." repeats the bartender.The bear looks at the bartender with rage in his eyes and says "If you don't serve me I'm going to eat that woman over there."The bartender simply looks at the bear with an unchanging expression and doesn't say anything but points to the sign on the bar which clearly states that bears will not be served at this fine establishment."Fine, I'm going to eat this woman. But this is on you man." The bear then proceeds to rip the sleeping woman to shreds and eats her all up. "Now, unless you want any more blood on your conscience you'd better serve me a drink." says the bear with the shreds of a sequined shirt hanging from his teeth."I've told you, we don't serve bears at this bar. Especially not bears on drugs.""Drugs?!?" says the bear incredulously, "I'm not on any drugs.""Oh no?" says the bartender, "You know that woman over there? That was a bar bitch you ate.".........A [barbiturate](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Barbiturate), get it?
A blind man walks into a bar And a chair, and a table.
A priest walks into a bar.. He looks around and leaves disappointed.Everyone is over 18.
A code tester walks into a bar. Orders a beer. Orders ten beers. Orders 2.15 billion beers. Orders -1 beers. Orders a nothing. Orders a cat. Tries to leave without paying. 
A jumper cable walks into a bar The bartender looks at him and says:"I'll serve you, but don't start anything!"
A Lawyer walks into a bar He tries his hardest, and passes the exam.
A hamburger walks into a bar  ...and the bartender says "I'm sorry, we don't serve food here".
A man walks into a bar and tells the bartender: "Twenty shots of your finest tequila, please."The bartender is surprised, but obliges. The man then goes down the line, taking shot after shot, back to back. The bartender is amazed!"Wow! I've never seen anyone drink like that before!" says the bartenderThe man says: "Yeah, well, when you have what I have, you'd drink like that too""Well, what do you have?""A dollar."
A man walks into a bar and orders a drink, then discovers he has to go to the bathroom. To stop anyone stealing his drink he puts a note on it saying, ‘I spat in this beer.’ When he returns he finds another note saying, ‘So did I!’
Pirate walks into a bar ..the bartender notices he has a steering wheel in the front of his pants. So the bartender asks, is that a steering wheel in your pants?The pirate replies, "arrr, it's driving me nuts."
A bear walks into a bar in Bainbridge ... And says, "Hey bartender! Give me a beer."The bartender says, "I'm sorry, but we don't serve beer to bears in bars in Bainbridge."The bear says, "Look, you piece of shit. Give me a fucking beer!""No. I'm sorry. We don't serve beer to belligerent bears in bars in Bainbridge."The bear growls, "Give me a beer right now, or I'm going to eat that lady at the end of the bar."The bartender stands firm, "We don't serve beer to belligerent bully bears in bars in Bainbridge."The bear then charges over, mauls, and eats the woman that was at the end of the bar. With blood on his chin, he asks, "Are you going to give me that beer now.""No. We don't serve beer to belligerent bully bears in bars in Bainbridge, specially bears that are on drugs.""On drugs? What are you talking about?""You know that girl you just swallowed? That was a Barbiturate."
Argon walks into a bar The bartender looks up angrily, yelling at him, "Get out! We don't take stuck up snobs like you!"Argon doesn't react.
Taxidermist walks into a bar A man walks into a bar in Alabama and orders a cosmopolitan. The bartender looks at the man and says, "You're not from 'round here are ya?""No" replies the man, "I'm from New Hampshire." The bartender looks at him and says, "Well what do you do in New Hampshire?""I'm a taxidermist," says the man. The bartender looks bewildered, so the man explains, "I mount dead animals."The bartender stands back and hollers to the whole bar, "It's OK, boys! He's one of us!"
A guy walks into a bar ouch
A man walks into a bar and orders ten shots of whiskey. As soon as the bartender pours them out, the man slams them down, one right after the other. Before the bartender can say anything, the man orders ten more shots. "I don't know, maybe you should slow down," says the bartender. The man replies, already slurring, "You'd be drinking like this too if you had what I have."The bartender is taken aback and starts to apologize, "Oh I'm so sorry. What do you have?"And the man says, "About $3." 
A Jewish dad walks into a bar mitzvah.  .  edited to add the missing z
A Homeless Man Walks Into a Bar ... And asks for a toothpick. Without thinking twice about it, the bartender hands the homeless man a toothpick.About 30 seconds later another homeless mans walks in and asks for a toothpick. Again without hesitation the bar tender hands the homeless man a tooth pick and the homeless man leaves. Another couple of minutes pass an a third homeless man enters the bar. Confused, the bartender asks,'You want a tooth pick too?'To which the homeless man replies,'No, no. I need a straw. Someone vomited outside, and someone else has already taken the solid parts.'
A horse walks into a bar The barman asks, "Why the long face?" As the horse does not speak nor understand English it gets extremely frustrated and leaves, knocking over a few tables and chairs along the way.
An Irishman walks into a bar ...and says to the bartender, "Give me three pints of Guinness, lad". The bartender obliges, and the Irishman lifts two of the three glasses to the air, as if toasting some invisible person. He then set them down, and finished all three glasses by sipping from one, then the next, and the next until it was empty. Bartender, naturally curious, asks what's up."Oh, me two brothers all live about. Since we can't meet and have a pint together, we do it from afar like this."This continues for a few more months, until finally, one day, the Irishman only orders two pints of Guinness. Bartender notices this and says solemnly, "Only two today? I'm sorry. Did one of your brothers pass away?""No, no, nothing of the sort. I've quit drinking!"
A skeleton walks into a bar and he says to the bartender..."Give me a beer and give me a mop!"
A man walks into a bar and sees Hitler and Stalin sitting at a table. He walks up to them and asks what they are doing. Hitler says were planning WW3. The man asks what's going to happen this time. Hitler says this time were going to kill 15 million Jews and a bicycle repair man. The man asks why a bicycle repair man. Hitler turns to Stalin and says see I told you know one would care about the 15 million Jews.
A horse walks into a bar and rests his head on the counter. The bartender looks at the horse and says "Why the long face?"  The  horse stares at the bartender with big glassy eyes and replies "I've got cancer". The bartender's jaw falls open as he stares in disbelief. "Holy shit! A talkin' horse!" Also it turns out the horse was a rabbi and a priest in a horse costume. 
A mushroom walks into a bar The bartender says "get the hell out.  We don't serve your kind here."  The mushroom responds "aww why not?  I'm a fun guy."
A duck walks into a bar. Animal control is promptly called and the duck is released in a nearby park.
A man walks into a bar So a guy walks into a bar one day and he can’t believe his eyes. There, in the corner, there’s this one-foot-tall man, in a little tuxedo, playing a tiny grand piano.So the guy asks the bartender, “Where’d he come from?”And the bartender’s, like, “There’s a genie in the men’s room who grants wishes.”So the guy runs into the men’s room and, sure enough, there’s this genie. And the genie’s, like, “Your wish is my command.” So the guy’s, like, “O.K., I wish for world peace.” And there’s this big cloud of smoke—and then the room fills up with geese.So the guy walks out of the men’s room and he’s, like, “Hey, bartender, I think your genie might be hard of hearing.”And the bartender’s, like, “No kidding. You think I wished for a twelve-inch pianist?”So the guy processes this. And he’s, like, “Does that mean you wished for a twelve-inch penis?”And the bartender’s, like, “Yeah. Why, what did you wish for?”And the guy’s, like, “World peace.”So the bartender is understandably ashamed.And the guy orders a beer, like everything is normal, but it’s obvious that something has changed between him and the bartender.And the bartender’s, like, “I feel like I should explain myself further.”And the guy’s, like, “You don’t have to.”But the bartender continues, in a hushed tone. And he’s, like, “I have what’s known as penile dysmorphic disorder. Basically, what that means is I fixate on my size. It’s not that I’m small down there. I’m actually within the normal range. Whenever I see it, though, I feel inadequate.”And the guy feels sorry for him. So he’s, like, “Where do you think that comes from?”And the bartender’s, like, “I don’t know. My dad and I had a tense relationship. He used to cheat on my mom, and I knew it was going on, but I didn’t tell her. I think it’s wrapped up in that somehow.”And the guy’s, like, “Have you ever seen anyone about this?”And the bartender’s, like, “Oh, yeah, I started seeing a therapist four years ago. But she says we’ve barely scratched the surface.”So, at around this point, the twelve-inch pianist finishes up his sonata. And he walks over to the bar and climbs onto one of the stools. And he’s, like, “Listen, I couldn’t help but overhear the end of your conversation. I never told anyone this before, but my dad and I didn’t speak the last ten years of his life.”And the bartender’s, like, “Tell me more about that.” And he pours the pianist a tiny glass of whiskey.And the twelve-inch pianist is, like, “He was a total monster. Beat us all. Told me once I was an accident.”And the bartender’s, like, “That’s horrible.”And the twelve-inch pianist shrugs. And he’s, like, “You know what? I’m over it. He always said I wouldn’t amount to anything, because of my height? Well, now look at me. I’m a professional musician!”And the pianist starts to laugh, but it’s a forced kind of laughter, and you can see the pain behind it. And then he’s, like, “When he was in the hospital, he had one of the nurses call me. I was going to go see him. Bought a plane ticket and everything. But before I could make it back to Tampa . . .”And then he starts to cry. And he’s, like, “I just wish I’d had a chance to say goodbye to my old man.”And all of a sudden there’s this big cloud of smoke—and a beat-up Plymouth Voyager appears!And the pianist is, like, “I said ‘old man,’ not ‘old van’!”And everybody laughs. And the pianist is, like, “Your genie’s hard of hearing.”And the bartender says, “No kidding. You think I wished for a twelve-inch pianist?”And as soon as the words leave his lips he regrets them. Because the pianist is, like, “Oh, my God. You didn’t really want me.”And the bartender’s, like, “No, it’s not like that.” You know, trying to backpedal.And the pianist smiles ruefully and says, “Once an accident, always an accident.” And he drinks all of his whiskey.And the bartender’s, like, “Brian, I’m sorry. I didn’t mean that.”And the pianist smashes his whiskey glass against the wall and says, “Well, I didn’t mean that.”And the bartender’s, like, “Whoa, calm down.”And the pianist is, like, “Fuck you!” And he’s really drunk, because he’s only one foot tall and so his tolerance for alcohol is extremely low. And he’s, like, “Fuck you, asshole! Fuck you!”And he starts throwing punches, but he’s too small to do any real damage, and eventually he just collapses in the bartender’s arms.And suddenly he has this revelation. And he’s, like, “My God, I’m just like him. I’m just like him.” And he starts weeping.And the bartender’s, like, “No, you’re not. You’re better than he was.”And the pianist is, like, “That’s not true. I’m worthless!”And the bartender grabs the pianist by the shoulders and says, “Damn it, Brian, listen to me! My life was hell before you entered it. Now I look forward to every day. You’re so talented and kind and you light up this whole bar. Hell, you light up my whole life. If I had a second wish, you know what it would be? It would be for you to realize how beautiful you are.”And the bartender kisses the pianist on the lips.So the guy, who’s been watching all this, is surprised, because he didn’t know the bartender was gay. It doesn’t bother him; it just catches him off guard, you know? So he goes to the bathroom, to give them a little privacy. And there’s the genie.So the guy’s, like, “Hey, genie, you need to get your ears fixed.”And the genie’s, like, “Who says they’re broken?” And he opens the door, revealing the happy couple, who are kissing and gaining strength from each other.And the guy’s, like, “Well done.”And then the genie says, “That bartender’s tiny penis is going to seem huge from the perspective of his one-foot-tall boyfriend.”And the graphic nature of the comment kind of kills the moment.And the genie’s, like, “I’m sorry. I should’ve left that part unsaid. I always do that. I take things too far.”And the guy’s, like, “Don’t worry about it. Let’s just grab a beer. It’s on me.”[Courtesy of Simon Rich at the New Yorker](http://www.newyorker.com/magazine/2013/11/18/guy-walks-into-a-bar?intcid=mod-most-popular)
An American guy visiting Ireland walks into a bar He wants to take in the full experience, and orders Guiness. Then refills.  After downing several pints, he heads to the loo to take a huge piss.At the urinal next to him, there's a really short guy, wearing all green, with a top hat and a pipe. He takes a quick peek and sees the short guy has a huge dick. The American is drunk and decides to say, "I'd do anything to have a dick that big."Short guy says, "I'm a leprechaun. I'll grant you one wish, if you suck my dick." The guy thinks about it for a minute, and being sauced, he agrees. He's kneeling down, sucking the smaller guy's dick for a few minutes, and then stops and says, "I can't believe I'm sucking a leprechaun's dick!"The short guy replies, "I can't believe that you think I'm a leprechaun!"
A blonde walks into a bar and asks the bartender, "What do you have on tap?" He replies, "Anheuser-Busch"She says, "Just fine. How's your penis?"
A mushroom walks into a bar and the bartender says, "We don't serve your kind in here!" Mushroom says, "Come on, I'm a fungi!" 
An elderly Irishman walks into a bar He asks the bartender for 3 pints, sits down and drinks all 3. Next week he does the same thing, and so on, week after week, until finally the bartender asks him:"Pardon me sir, but I happen to notice you order 3 beers each week, without fail... no more, no less. May I ask why?""Oh, well I have 2 brothers you see, and so I have a pint for each of them and one for me as well."A few years later, the Irishman walks into the bar, but he only orders 2 pints this time. The bartender is surprised, and after a while he realizes what's happened."Pardon me sir, I don't mean to pry, but I notice you've ordered only 2 this week and, well, I'd like to extend my condolences for your loss. I have a brother myself, and I can only imagine the pain it would cause...""No lad," interrupted the Irishman, "I'm just off drinking!"
A pirate walks into a bar. The bartender looks at him and says, 'Sir, you have a steering wheel down your pants.'  The pirate replies, 'Arghh, and its driving me nuts.'
A man walks into a bar(nsfw language) He orders 4 shots of bourbon, the bartender asks, "everything ok?" The man replies "I just found out my little brother is gay.  Bartender says, "hey man, don't kill yourself over it, it's his life, let him be happy". The man drinks the shots and leaves. The next day same man walks up to the bar and asks for 6 shots of bourbon, bartender asks, "what now man?" Man says "I just found out my older brother is gay" bartender replies in the same fashion, "it's alright, it's their life let them do what they want". The man drinks and leaves. The next day he comes up to the bar and asks for ten shots. The bartender says, "that's way too much man, i can't serve you ten shots" the man replies "just give me the six you gave me yesterday you know me i don't cause trouble" bar tender pours the shots and asks "hey, is there anyone in your family that actually likes pussy?" The man says "yeah...my sister."
A neutron walks into a bar and asks how much it is for a beer.The bartender says ; "For you.. No charge!"
A blind man walks into a bar. then a chair.. and then a table.
A three-legged dog walks into a bar. "I'm lookin' fer the man that shot my paw"
Argon walks into a bar. And the bartender says, "We don't serve Noble Gasses in here!"Argon does not react.
A polar bear walks into a bar and says "I'd like a Gin .. and tonic please". The barman asks "What's with the big pause?" To which the bear replies "I don't know, I've always had them".
An Apple computer walks into a bar. The bartender says, "What'll it be, Mac?"
A man walks into a bar. A man walks into a bar and walks up to the bartender , before he makes his order the bartender speaks - " You come here everyday and I pour poison in your glass for coin and you drink the dreadful draught  and then go on to torment your wife and your children , why ?! ; Do you mark every single day with black chalk and come here to forget your woes ? "The man looked solemnly at the bartender and said - "I want to be taken seriously for once ..just for once.... I feel like a joke " 
An Irishman walks into a bar, carrying a penguin under his right arm. A crocodile on a leash in his left hand, and a parrot on his shoulder. He walks up to the bartender and says "I'll have three pints of Guinness please". The bartender looks at the Irishman.Looks at the penguin. Looks at the crocodile. Looks at the parrot.Looks back to the Irishman and says,"What's all this supposed to be then? Some kind of joke?"
A Man Walks into a Bar ...and sits down next to a drunk.  To the bartender he proclaims, "I would like a shot of 25 year-old scotch!"  "Right away, sir!" says the bartender.  He reaches under the bar, pours a shot of 6 year-old scotch, and puts it on the bar.  The customer picks it the glass, swirls it, gives it a sniff, sips it, and exclaims, "That is NOT 25 year old scotch!  That's 6 year-old scotch and not a day older!  I asked for 25 year-old scotch!"  This gets the drunk's attention, as he lifts his eyes away from his own drink.  The bartender, caught shorting the customer, says "My apologies, I didn't hear the 25 year-old part!"  He reaches under the bar, pulls out a 12 year-old bottle, and pours another shot.  The customer picks it the glass, swirls it, gives it a sniff, sips it, and exclaims, "Are you deaf?  That is NOT 25 year-old scotch!  That's 12 year-old scotch and I distinctly asked for 25 year-old scotch!Now the drunk is REALLY interested, and gets up from his stool, wandering slowly away.   The bartender, again caught shorting the customer, says "My apologies, the lighting isn't so good under there.  Ah, I think I see it now!"  But all he has is 24 year-old scotch.  He pours another shot.  “There you go, sir!”  The customer picks it the glass, swirls it, gives it a sniff, sips it, and exclaims, "Well, that is the best you have served me yet, but that's 24 year-old scotch and I distinctly asked for 25 year-old scotch!As the drunk wanders back, the bartender says, "Sir, you are the greatest connoisseur of scotch I've ever known!  All your drinks tonight are on the house!"  The drunk puts down a glass, and says, "Try that!"  The customer takes a swig, and says, "My God, that's urine!"  The drunk slurs, "Right again!  How old am I?"
A skeleton walks into a bar and asks for a beer and a mop.
A lion walks into a bar and sits down He demands a drink. The bartender tells him “We don’t serve lions, I'm sorry.” The lion, becoming angry, demands again that he be served. The bartender more forcefully refuses service. The lion, very angry now, says, “If you don’t serve me, I’m going to eat that lady sitting at the end of the bar.” The bartender again repeats the bar's policy on not serving lions. The lion is outraged and, in order to show his dominance, eats the woman. Almost instantly, the lion becomes woozy and feels lightheaded, he asks the bartender "What's happening?" The bartender says, “That was a Barbitchyouate.” 
A neutron walks into a bar and orders a drink. He asks the bartender how much it is. The bartender says "We don't charge your type here!"
A piece of rope walks into a bar.. The bartender says, "hey, we don't serve your kind here. Now get out!" The piece of rope leaves, but it's determined to get a drink, so it starts rolling on the ground, ties itself up and splits it's ends. Looking beat up, the rope walks back into the bar and orders a drink. The bartender looks at the rope and says, "hey, aren't you that piece of rope that I just kicked out of here?" The rope looks at the bartender and says, "nope, I'm a frayed knot." 
A mushroom walks into a bar and orders a drink The bartender says, "Sorry, we don't serve mushrooms here."The mushroom says, "Hey, I may be a mushroom, but I'm a real fun-guy!"
A guy walks into a bar After a long day of work, a guy walks into an empty bar. He looks around and sees no one, but suddenly hears a voice say:- "You look nice."He jumps and spins around - but no one is there.*Again he hears the voice:*- "That coat looks good on you."*He looks puzzled as the voice seems to be coming from the bowl of peanuts on the bar counter.*- "And your eyes are just stunning."*The voice is definitely coming from the bowl of peanuts.*.The man escapes to the toilet to relieve himself. Unzipping his trousers, he hears a different voice when he whacks out his noodle:- "Haha. That little thing is pathetic."*He whips round, but no one is there.*- "You better be a nice guy, cuz you're butt ugly too."Absolutely confused he looks closer at the condom machine, the voice seemed to be coming from it. *He leans towards the machine* -- "GET OUT OF MY FACE SHIT HEAD. YOUR BREATH STINKS."The condom machine barks at him. The man, startled, dashes back into the bar, noticing the landlord is now behind the bar.- "Hey Landlord!"- "The weirdest thing just happened to me!"*The man explains the situation to the landlord who smiles, nods knowingly and replies*:- "Ahh I'm sorry about that. You see, the peanuts are complimentary and the condom machine is just out of order."Edit - formatting assistance from u/jeakjeak 
A blind man walks into a bar Then into a chair, then into table.
Ebola walks into a bar. ....and all of West Africa
A guy walks into a bar and says, "I'm going to shoot whoever slept with my wife"! A man shouts from the back, "You don't got enough bullets, bud"!
So, a skeleton walks into a bar ...asks for a beer. And a mop.
So a guy walks into a bar and sitting on a stool is a little brown gremlin. The guy not wanting to judge the ugly creature sits down and orders a beer. The bar tender sat the glass down and before the guy can pick it up the gremlin jumps up an sticks his head in it and then sits back on the stool. The guy was shocked and didn't know how to react so he just ignored it and finished his beer and stayed calm until about 25 minutes and a few beers later, the gremlin jumps up and sticks his head in the man's beer again, so the man is fed up and grabs the gremlin and says " Listen here fucker if you stick your head in my beer again I am gonna pull your dick off." and the gremlin says " You can't pull my dick off cause I don't have one." The guy is intrigued so he lets the gremlin go and says " Well then how do you piss?" the gremlin smiles and says "Like this" and sticks his head in the man's beer.
A pirate captain walks into a bar with a steering wheel hanging out of his pants The bartender finally can't take the curiosity, and asks, "Excuse me, Cap'n, but I couldn't help but notice the steering wheel sticking out of your pants. What the hell is that thing doing there?""Arrr, I dunno," answered the captain, "but it's driving me nuts."
a man walks into a bar "Ouch!" he said.
A man walks into a bar carrying an octopus When he sits down at the bar, the bartender ask, "Hey, what's the deal with the octopus?"The man replies, "Oh this? This octopus is amazing. It can play any instrument!""Bullshit, " the bartender says. "I bet it can't play this piano!"The man flops the octopus down onto the bench of the piano. To the bartender's surprise, the octopus begins playing the most beautiful rendition of Beethoven's Für Elise. "Well I'll be damned..." gasps the bartender. "There's no way it play this here trumpet."The octopus looks at the trumpet with its octupussy eyes before belting out the groovin'-est, jazziest,  blues melody the bartender has ever heard."Holy shit..." the bartender says in disbelief."I told you," the man says confidently, "it can play anything!""You know what," the bartender replies, "I've got something that stupid cephalopod will never be able to play."The bartender walks into the back and returns with a set of bagpipes, setting them on the bar in front of the octopus. The octopus begins to climb and crawl all over the bagpipes, seemingly unsure of what to do. "See! I knew it would never be able to play them," the bartender shouts triumphantly."Play 'em?" Says the octopus. "As soon as I get this skirt off, I'm gonna to mate with 'em!"
A pirate walks into a bar With a steering wheel attached to his belt. Confused, the bartender asks the man"Hey buddy, what's up with the wheel?"The pirate replies"Aaaargh, it's drivin' me nuts!"
A black guy walks into a bar with a parrot on his shoulder ... approaching the bar, the bartender asks "What can I get for you?" Immediatedly the parrot squaks and says "Two Budweisers please and a round of drinks for the ladies at the end of the bar".Totally impressed, the bartender replies "Holy shit, thats amazing, where did you get it?"Again the parrot squaks and says "Africa.... they got millions of 'em there."
A blonde walks into a bar 
Guy walks into a bar He notices an old drunk in a corner playing a piano. There's a scribbled sign that says "Taking Requests" and a tip jar. And on top of the piano sits a mangy looking monkey. The guy sits at the bar and orders a drink. As soon as the bartender sets the drink on the bar the monkey scampers over, jumps on the bar, and dips his balls in the guys drink. Disgusted, the guy walks over to the drunk playing the piano and says, "Do you know your monkey just dipped his balls in my drink?"The drunken pianist looks up and says, "No, but if you hum a few bars maybe I could figure it out."
A man walks into a bar. Says 'ouch'
A man walks into a Bar.. fffffffuuuuuuuuuuuuu
A toenail walks into a bar [OC] The toenail orders 3 double whiskeys, drinks them quickly and soon after starts singing loudly. As you can guess toenails are terrible singers, so the bartender gets annoyed and orders the bouncer to throw the drunk, singing toenail out and then, with his hands on his head, the bartender yells "That was just atonal!"
A man with a giant orange head walks into a bar. He lumbers over to the bar, sits down, and orders a beer. The barkeep walks over and says, "damn boy, what's wrong with your head?" The man sighs and says, "it all started when my plane went down in the Sahara desert.""My pilot suffered what I can only suspect was a brain aneurysm and I don't know how to fly, so our plane crashed right into a sand dune. Miraculously, I emerged unscathed. I wandered around the desert for what must've been three days, when finally, I came upon a beautiful oasis. I drank deeply of the cool water and as I did so, I looked down and saw a gleaming lamp. I picked it up and rub it, and a genie emerged. The genie thanked me for freeing him and informed me that for my effort, I would receive three wishes to be granted. With the first wish, I asked to be taken out of the desert and brought home, and soon as I'd made the wish... I was home! After having a good meal and showering, I decided that after that ordeal, I never wanted to work again, instead spending the rest of my days relaxing and helping those less fortunate, so I wished to be the world's richest man... and let me tell you, my friend, after checking my bank account, I can assure you that I am.The barkeep, jaw hanging, stammered, "well... that's quite a story. But what about the third wish?""Oh, I wished for a giant orange head."
A guy walks into a bar with a .44 magnum. So, a guy walks into a bar with a .44 magnum a yells "who the fuck fucked my wife!". Everybody's silent for a second, then a guy in the back of the bar says "you haven't got enough bullets mate"
A horse walks into a bar And the barman says "Why the long face?"
A handicapped guy walks into a bar.just kidding. 
A man walks into a bar and orders a pint, as he's sitting at the bar drinking he notices a huge jar of money behind the bar, the jar is stuffed full of £10 notes. The man decides that there is easily £500 in this jar, after a while he asks the barman what the jar is for, " Well we have this old donkey tied up out back but he is a miserable bastard and constantly cries" explained the barman, "Its £10 to buy in and if you can make the donkey laugh you walk of with the jar of money". The man decides that it's worth a try so he gives £10 to barman and goes out back and whispers in the donkeys ear. The donkey bursts out laughing, literally pissing its self laughing. The man walks back into the bar takes the jar of money and leaves.Several months later the man returns to the bar only to see that there is an even bigger jar of money behind the bar. "What's that for?" he asks the barman, "Well the donkey won't stop laughing now, its £10 to buy in again to try and make the donkey cry". So the man hands the barman £10 again heads out back and returns a few minutes later, after checking the donkey the barman sees that it is crying again. Astonished he turns to the man and asks,  "What did you say to make him laugh to begin with?"  "I told the donkey that I had a bigger dick than him."  "And to make him cry again?"  " I showed him my dick."  
A Man Walks into A Bar (long) [NSFW] A man walks into a bar. He sits down and orders himself a drink. Looking next to him, he notices that there is a jar full of just $10 bills. He asks the barman what the jar is for, the barman says "Well, we've got this sort of running contest going on here"The man, intrigued, asks him to go on. He continues, "The contest is 2 things, first, out back we've got a dog. It's rabid, foaming at the mouth and vicious. It also has a loose tooth, you've got to go back there and pull out that tooth. The second part, is that upstairs in the bedroom is a prostitute, riddled with chlamydia aids and whatever else you can think of. You've got to go up there and screw her good. Once you've done both of these things, you win all the money in the jar!" The man thinks about it for a moment, and says" you know what, I think I'll pass. That all just sounds too risky to me." Well, after several more drinks, he's thinkin' that little contest can't be all that hard! Several more drinks go by and he decides to go ahead and give it a shot. He drops his $10 in the jar, and walks out back. Now from inside, all the barman can hear is a pounding sound and what he thinks is whimpering and whining coming from the dog. The man Bursts back into the bar, sweaty and looking worn out and flushed, and he yells "Now where's the whore with the loose tooth!" -Credit to my father. I've got a lot more like this :) 
A biker walks into a bar(nsfw) A big crusty old bike walks into a bar and grabs the first beer he sees. he chugs it down slams it back on the table and yells out "everybody on the right side is a bunch of faggots and everybody on the left side your bunch of cocksuckers"A meek looking skinny dude with a University of Oklahoma T-shirt stands up and says "excuse me sir"The crusty old biker yells at him "what the hell do you want"The dude with the OU T-shirt says"I think I'm on the wrong side"
A man walks into a bar and orders a whiskey ... The barman obliges and the man knocks it back and orders another. And anotherAnd another14 whiskeys later, the barman asks "Celebrating? "The man replies "First blowjob"The barman responds "Well congratulations! Let me get you another. On the house""No thanks" replies the man. "If 14 whiskeys won't take the taste away, nothing will."Oldie but a goodie.
A biker walks into a bar ..and sits down on a bar stool near the end of the bar.He takes a look at the menu and it reads as follows:Hamburger - 2.99Cheeseburger - 3.99Chicken Sandwich - 4.99Hand Jobs - 19.99The crusty old biker waves the bartender down, and up walks this tall, busty, beautiful redhead in her mid-twenties. She smiles at the biker coyly, and he asks in a quiet voice "Are you the one who gives the hand jobs?" The bartender blushes slightly and says "Yes, I am" with a sexy little smile.The biker grins and says "Well wash your hands, because I want a cheeseburger."
A talent scout walks into a bar. He orders a beer and starts talking to the patron next to him, and somehow they start talking about their jobs."I'm a talent scout," the scout says, "I'm always looking for the next big act!""Really?," says the patron, intrigued. "I've got a fantastic act, more brilliant than anything you've ever seen! If it's more amazing that anything you've seen, will you buy me a drink?"The scout ponders this, and agrees. The patron must have something incredible!So the patron reaches into a bag and pulls out a miniature piano and a little frog. Sure enough, the frog starts playing the piano! "That's incredible!" The scout gushes, "I'll certainly buy a drink for that!"So the patron finished his first drink, and is still thirsty, so he turns back to the scout; "tell ya what. If I show you something even more amazing than the frog, will you buy me another drink?"The scout readily agrees to this. So, the patron reaches back into his bag and pulls out a hamster. Sure enough, the frog starts playing the piano again, and the hamster starts singing duet!"That's incredible! Sir, I would like to purchase your animals for an act. How much for them?" the scout inquires."Well," the patron says," you can have the hamster for $10,000, but the frog is special to me; he's like my best friend and he isn't for sale."The scout, still floored by the hamster's vocal prowess, eagerly accepts and writes the patron a check for $10,000 and leaves the bar before the patron can change his mind.The bartender has been watching all of this, and says to the patron, "you know, you really shouldn't have sold the hamster -Now you've broken up their act! Who is going to song along with your frog?"And the patron says, "Don't worry, the frog is a ventriloquist."
So a guy walks into a bar And yells, "I HAVE EBOLA!"
A Man Walks into a bar with an Octopus (Kind of long, worth it though) He sits down at the bar placing the octopus next to him. The bartender walks over and says"Hey you, can't have that octopus in here"The man says "This Octopus right here is the band, he can play ANY instrument you give him"Bartender says "ALright and hands the Octopus a guitar, The octopus starts sheredding and does an amazing job. The Bartender then hands him a Bass, once again the octopus does amazing. The bartender then stands there thinking for a few minutes, looks over at the octopus and says"Alright octopus, I got an instrument that I garauntee you wont be able to play" and hands him Bag pipes.After about 3 minutes of the Octopus, examining the instruement very confused he looks up at the bartender...Bartender goes "Ha! I knew i'd get you with this one, you don't know how to play it, do you?"Octopus Replies "Well, no I'm gonna fuck it once I get its Pajamas off"
A man walks into a bar and the man behind him ducks.
Jesus walks into a bar with his disciples "Thirteen glasses of water, please!", Jesus said to the barman, winking at the others...
A guy walks into a bar after a long day. I thought this up today. My exhausted mind thought it was funny as well as my slap-happy friends.. we were all a bit out of it. Anyway..This guy is walking home after a really long, hard day. He decides to stop by his favorite bar to wind down a bit.He walks in and sits at the counter and the bartender comes up asks,"What can I get you today? The usual?".At this, the man replies,"No, today I need something a bit stronger.. it's been such a long week. You know what I really want? I just need to smash something over my head, that should get my frustrations out."The bartender gave the man a shocked expression. He stared at him for a moment, then shook his head and shrugged. He reached around and grabbed an empty bottle and said as he handed it to the man,"Here you go. Knock yourself out."
Stephen Hawking walks into a bar Bartender:  "Why the long face ?"
A man walks into a bar. Ouch.
A man walks into a bar. Ouch.
Gay guy walks into a bar. Obviously it's a pretty rough bar, there are some pretty rough looking characters inside. The bartender sees the man and says "hey, we don't serve your kind in here!" The man says " I promise to be no bother, I just want a beer and I will be on my way."He gets a beer at the bar and finds a spot in the back of the bar at a table. Everyone staring at him all the way to the table.some time passes and everyone forgets he is back there just as a tall muscular man comes in the door with an alligator in tow on a leash. Naturally people are puzzled, WTF, right? He walks up to the bar and orders a beer. All eyes on him. Someone finally asks "dude, what's with the alligator?" "Oh this?" He quips " just my pet alligator. He does some tricks. Want to see?""I guess." Someone saysthis man lifts up the alligator onto a table and stands in front of his mouth. I one swoop he pulls out his junk and sticks it in the alligators mouth. The alligator clamps down. Everyone gasps. After a couple of seconds the man hits the alligator with his beer bottle very hard right on the top of the head. The alligator opens his mouth and the dude puts his junk away unscathed.the man looks around the room "any of you man enough to try that?"The gay guy stands up "I will!""as long you don't hit me so hard with that bottle"
A woman walks into a bar and asks the bartender for a double entendre. He gave it to her.
So, a pirate walks into a bar with a steering wheel attached to his crotch The bartender asks, "What the hell is that?" The pirate responds, "Arrrrr, it drives me nuts."
A man walks into a bar. and he sees that the bartender has a huge pen and a genie lamp. He asks the bartender if he could use the genie lamp and the bartender said yes. The guy wished for a million buck. A few seconds later a million ducks came through the bar door. The guy says "What the hell!" I wished for a million bucks. Then the bartender says, "Oh, I forgot to mention that the genie has bad hearing. Do you think I asked for a 12 inch BIC"
a man walks into a bar A man sits in a bar ordering a beer, when suddently a beautiful flirty woman walks upto him. She starts flirting with the man, when she finally revealed that: "for 100$, you can make me do anything" she then touch his cruch, and said "and I mean anything" the woman then told him: "but only if you can describe it in three words" the man took a while, and considered this offer. When he finally took out his wallet, gave the woman a 100$bill, when he said these three words: "Paint my house"
So a Lepton walks into a bar.. the bartender says: "We don't serve your kind here, we can never tell where you are or where you will be"The lepton replies:"It is of no consequence, it is time for me to muon anyways, tau!" 
A dog walks into a bar and says I'm looking for the man who shot my paw.
A QA Engineer walks into a bar an orders a beer. And orders 2 beers, and orders 7445553822 beers, and orders -1 beers, and orders asdfadf beers, and orders Robert'); DROP TABLE beers;
A black guy walks into a bar and he has a parrot on his shoulder.The bartender looks at him and says, "Where did you get that?"The parrot squawks, "Africa! The fuckers are everywhere over there."
A horse walks into a bar,the bartender says "Is this some kind of joke?".The horse doesn't understand,s***s on the floor and walks out.
A Roman guy walks into a bar He holds up two fingers and says "Five beers please!"
A pokemon trainer walks into a bar The bartender says, "Wow, you're in luck, we're running a contest, and the first to drink 15 bottles of Samuel Adams new lager wins a MagiKarp!"  The trainer replies, "Uhh, who cares? Why would anyone bother competing for a MagiKarp?"  The bartender answers, "Because anyone who drinks Sam Adams automatically gets TM 87"  "What's TM 87?"  "*Swagger*"
A jew walks into a bar ... says ouch, then sues the bastard who left it there
A midget walks into a bar.  The stools are a bit high for him, so he looks up at a pretty blonde bartender and asks her, "can you help me get onto the stool?"Always wanting the please the customer, she comes around the bar, picks the little fella up and puts him on the stool.He sits and drinks for awhile, puts down some money, and starts to leave.  Seeing this, the bartender runs around, grabs him, and puts him down on the floor.He looks up at here and says, "Sweetie, I only needed your help getting up, not off."
a man walks into a bar he falls to the floor unconscious.oldy, but a goody.
A skeleton walks into a bar and orders a beer. and a mop.
A palindrome walks into a bar, says 'Yasraba Otni Sklawem Ordnilapa'.
Schrödinger's cat walks into a bar. And doesn't. 
A guy walks into a bar with jumper cables The bartender says, you can have a drink, but ya better not start anything
A guy walks into a bar and asks the guy across from him why his hands were all over his face: The guy across replies: "Because I am a clock you drunk fuck."
A tiger walks into a bar Bartender: What'll it be?.....................................................................Tiger: Pint of larger please    Bartender: Why the big pause? 
A pirate walks into a bar.. He's got an eye patch, a peg leg and a parrot on his shoulder. Strange thing is -  He's got a ship's wheel stuffed halfway down the front of his pants.  Before he can order, the bartender says, "Mate, that looks mighty uncomfortable.... you've got a steering wheel shoved down your pants."Pirate replies, "Aye, It's driving me nuts!"
A man walks into a bar ...and sits down, placing a bag on the counter.  He doesn't make any reference to it and proceeds to order several drinks.  The bartender, overcome with curiosity, eventually asks:  "So, what's in that bag?"  Without saying a word, the man opens the bag and takes out a tiny piano, then a tiny man.  The tiny man sits down and plays the most beautiful piano music.  In awe, the bartender asks:  "How the HELL did you get those?"  The man reaches into his bag again and pulls out a lamp.  "I wished for it" he says.  The bartender says:  "May I have a wish?"  The man nods, but warns:  "be careful; the genie is very old, and is going deaf.  Make sure you enunciate".  The bartender rubs the lamp and a genie appears.  "You may have one wish!" He says.  The bartender says:  "I wish for a million bucks!"  Smoke fills the room, and the bar is filled with a million DUCKS.  "WHAT THE HELL?!  I wished for a million bucks, not a million ducks!" The bartender says.  The man looks up at him and says:  "And do you really think I wished for a 12" pianist?"
So a pirate walks into a bar A pirate walks into a bar with a steering wheel on his pants.  The bartender asks him why he has the wheel on him, and the pirate replies "YARR!  IT'S DRIVIN' ME NUTS!"
A neutron walks into a bar and asks: "How much for a beer?"  The bartender replies: "For you?  No charge."
(NSFWish) Older Gent walks into a bar with 2 dollars in his hand. "I got 2 dollars ladies, which one of you is coming home with me?" An older prostitute comes out. "Come with me love, I remember when 2 dollars meant something around these parts". They go off and do the deed. A week later the old man returns, where is that 2 dollar hooker at, I have a complaint. "What's the matter honey", old man says "dammit woman, you gave me crabs" The old hooker says in return "Well, for 2 dollars what did you expect? Lobster"
A pirate walks into a bar… …and the bartender says, "Hey, I haven't seen you in a while. What happened, you look terrible!""Arrh – Not at ‘tall." the pirate replies, "I be fine." The bartender says, "But what about that wooden leg? You didn't have that before.""Arrh!" says the pirate, "We were in a battle at sea and a cannon ball hit me leg. But the surgeon fixed me up, and I be fine, really.""Yeah," says the bartender, "But what about that hook? Last time I saw you, you had both hands.""Aye," says the pirate, "We were in another battle and we boarded the enemy ship. I was in a sword fight and me hand was cut off. But the surgeon fixed me up with this hook, and I be feeling great, really.""Oh," says the bartender, "What about that eye patch? Last time you were in here you had both eyes.""Arrh," says the pirate, "One day when I was swabbing me deck, some gulls were flying over the ship. I looked up, and one of them… arrgh, he, pooped in me eye.""So?" replied the bartender, "what happened? You couldn't have lost an eye just from that!""Well," says the pirate, "'Twas me first day with me hook.”
A pirate walks into a bar with a steering wheel Attached to his crotch. Bartender looks up and say "hey pirate, you know you got a steering wheel attached to your crotch?" Pirate says "arrr its drivin me nuts"
A pirate walks into a bar And orders a bottle of rum.  The bar tender says that will be 10 dollars.  The pirate replies, "Do you accept Barrrr Nickels???"
A horse walks into a bar and asks for a drink.The bartender says why the long face?The horse let's out a sigh and says "I'm a metaphysical character that exists only in the scope of this joke and will cease to exist at the end of this sentence.''
George Michael walks into a bar The barman says, "George, you've got chocolate on your shirt!"."I know," replies George, "It was a Careless Wispa."
A Roman walks into a bar and asks for a Martinus…. "You mean a martini?" the bartender asks. The Roman replied, "If I wanted a double, I would have asked for it!"
A seal walks into a bar. And the bartender says, "what are you going to have?" The seal replies,  "anything except Canadian club." 
René Descartes walks into a bar ~~The bartender asks him if he wants a drink.~~~~"I don't think so..."~~The bartender says "Hey, René, gonna have your usual?""I don't think I am."Descartes disappears. Edit: Fixed it by popular demand. 
A guy walks into a bar Credit where credit is due: This is from [Simon Rich](http://www.newyorker.com/magazine/2013/11/18/guy-walks-into-a-bar).So a guy walks into a bar one day and he can’t believe his eyes. There, in the corner, there’s this one-foot-tall man, in a little tuxedo, playing a tiny grand piano.So the guy asks the bartender, “Where’d he come from?”And the bartender’s, like, “There’s a genie in the men’s room who grants wishes.”So the guy runs into the men’s room and, sure enough, there’s this genie. And the genie’s, like, “Your wish is my command.” So the guy’s, like, “O.K., I wish for world peace.” And there’s this big cloud of smoke—and then the room fills up with geese.So the guy walks out of the men’s room and he’s, like, “Hey, bartender, I think your genie might be hard of hearing.”And the bartender’s, like, “No kidding. You think I wished for a twelve-inch pianist?”So the guy processes this. And he’s, like, “Does that mean you wished for a twelve-inch penis?”And the bartender’s, like, “Yeah. Why, what did you wish for?”And the guy’s, like, “World peace.”So the bartender is understandably ashamed.And the guy orders a beer, like everything is normal, but it’s obvious that something has changed between him and the bartender.And the bartender’s, like, “I feel like I should explain myself further.”And the guy’s, like, “You don’t have to.”But the bartender continues, in a hushed tone. And he’s, like, “I have what’s known as penile dysmorphic disorder. Basically, what that means is I fixate on my size. It’s not that I’m small down there. I’m actually within the normal range. Whenever I see it, though, I feel inadequate.”And the guy feels sorry for him. So he’s, like, “Where do you think that comes from?”And the bartender’s, like, “I don’t know. My dad and I had a tense relationship. He used to cheat on my mom, and I knew it was going on, but I didn’t tell her. I think it’s wrapped up in that somehow.”And the guy’s, like, “Have you ever seen anyone about this?”And the bartender’s, like, “Oh, yeah, I started seeing a therapist four years ago. But she says we’ve barely scratched the surface.”So, at around this point, the twelve-inch pianist finishes up his sonata. And he walks over to the bar and climbs onto one of the stools. And he’s, like, “Listen, I couldn’t help but overhear the end of your conversation. I never told anyone this before, but my dad and I didn’t speak the last ten years of his life.”And the bartender’s, like, “Tell me more about that.” And he pours the pianist a tiny glass of whiskey.And the twelve-inch pianist is, like, “He was a total monster. Beat us all. Told me once I was an accident.”And the bartender’s, like, “That’s horrible.”And the twelve-inch pianist shrugs. And he’s, like, “You know what? I’m over it. He always said I wouldn’t amount to anything, because of my height? Well, now look at me. I’m a professional musician!”And the pianist starts to laugh, but it’s a forced kind of laughter, and you can see the pain behind it. And then he’s, like, “When he was in the hospital, he had one of the nurses call me. I was going to go see him. Bought a plane ticket and everything. But before I could make it back to Tampa . . .”And then he starts to cry. And he’s, like, “I just wish I’d had a chance to say goodbye to my old man.”And all of a sudden there’s this big cloud of smoke—and a beat-up Plymouth Voyager appears!And the pianist is, like, “I said ‘old man,’ not ‘old van’!”And everybody laughs. And the pianist is, like, “Your genie’s hard of hearing.”And the bartender says, “No kidding. You think I wished for a twelve-inch pianist?”And as soon as the words leave his lips he regrets them. Because the pianist is, like, “Oh, my God. You didn’t really want me.”And the bartender’s, like, “No, it’s not like that.” You know, trying to backpedal.And the pianist smiles ruefully and says, “Once an accident, always an accident.” And he drinks all of his whiskey.And the bartender’s, like, “Brian, I’m sorry. I didn’t mean that.”And the pianist smashes his whiskey glass against the wall and says, “Well, I didn’t mean that.”And the bartender’s, like, “Whoa, calm down.”And the pianist is, like, “Fuck you!” And he’s really drunk, because he’s only one foot tall and so his tolerance for alcohol is extremely low. And he’s, like, “Fuck you, asshole! Fuck you!”And he starts throwing punches, but he’s too small to do any real damage, and eventually he just collapses in the bartender’s arms.And suddenly he has this revelation. And he’s, like, “My God, I’m just like him. I’m just like him.” And he starts weeping.And the bartender’s, like, “No, you’re not. You’re better than he was.”And the pianist is, like, “That’s not true. I’m worthless!”And the bartender grabs the pianist by the shoulders and says, “Damn it, Brian, listen to me! My life was hell before you entered it. Now I look forward to every day. You’re so talented and kind and you light up this whole bar. Hell, you light up my whole life. If I had a second wish, you know what it would be? It would be for you to realize how beautiful you are.”And the bartender kisses the pianist on the lips.So the guy, who’s been watching all this, is surprised, because he didn’t know the bartender was gay. It doesn’t bother him; it just catches him off guard, you know? So he goes to the bathroom, to give them a little privacy. And there’s the genie.So the guy’s, like, “Hey, genie, you need to get your ears fixed.”And the genie’s, like, “Who says they’re broken?” And he opens the door, revealing the happy couple, who are kissing and gaining strength from each other.And the guy’s, like, “Well done.”And then the genie says, “That bartender’s tiny penis is going to seem huge from the perspective of his one-foot-tall boyfriend.”
A guy walks into a bar. He realizes he has no existence beyond his role in a joke, living in a universe filled with one dimensional prop characters who have no substance outside of the joke. He begins to sink into an existential depression, when a Rabbi, a Priest and a Minister walk in and convince him that that's a bunch of crazy talk.
A Chinese guy walks into a bar ...approaches the black bartender and demands, "Give me a jigger, nigger!".  The bartender, obviously taken aback, responds, "Pardon me, sir?  One would think, being a fellow minority, you would be the first to understand that racist comments are totally unacceptable in this day and age".  The bartender continued, "I've got an idea, you get behind the bar and I'll order a drink from you".  The Chinese guy agrees and steps behind the bar.  The bartender walks out, then immediately returns and loudly shouts, "Give me a drink, chink!".  The Chinese guy responds without missing a beat, "Sorry, we don't serve niggers." 
[ANTI-JOKE]So a man walks into a bar. So a man walks into a bar and.....his drinking habits are tearing his family apart. 
A black man walks into a bar ...with a parrot on his shoulder. The bartender exclaims, "Wow! How exotic! Where did you get it?""Africa" Says the parrot.
A guy walks into a bar and says 'ouch' Two guys walk into a bar, the third one ducks
A guy walks into a bar And says "ouch."
So a seal walks into a bar And the bartender asks "What can I get for you?"  And the seal replies "Anything but a Canadian Club on ice."
A dyslexic man walks into a bar Ouch, says the arab
A monocle walks into a bar After a few drinks the [monocle](http://www.yoghurt-optimal.by/img/avatar-elements/monocle.png) starts to feel pretty good (and a little uncoordinated).  He reaches for a cigarette, but the bartender stops him.  "Sorry, buddy, but due to city ordinances we don't allow smoking in here.  You'll have to step outside to smoke."So the monocle hops off the barstool and grabs his cigarettes to head outside.  Meanwhile a second monocle emerges from the bathroom.  They bump into each other as they cross paths and fall to the floor, hopelessly entangled.  They try to get free but the more they struggle, the more tangled they become.The bartender looks down on this travesty and shakes his head.  "Hey you two!" he shouts.  "Stop making spectacles of yourselves!"
A blind man walks into a bar says "Oww."
A pirate walks into a bar ...With a steering wheel in his pants. The bartender says, "Is that a steering wheel in your pants?" The pirate says "Arrr, it's drivin' me nuts!"
So a Bear walks into a bar and goes up to the bartender and orders a scotch.  The bartender says "I'm sorry we don't serve bears at this bar".The bear gets upset and scolds the bartender "sir, if you do not serve me my scotch I will eat that woman at the end of the bar!"The bartender replies "I'm sorry its policy; i just can't serve you drinks here"So the bear walks down to the end of the bar and eats the woman standing there.  He returns to the bartender and again demands for his scotch.The bartender replies "I'm sorry sir we can't serve people who do drugs in this establishment".The bear gets a puzzled look on his face and asks "What are you talking about?"The bartender replies "What do you mean what am I talking about?  what about that bar-bitch-you-ate!".
A man walks into a bar .  .... and says: "Quick, give me a shot before it's starting."  He just gulps it down in one and goes: "Quick, another one, before it's really starting."  The bartender obliges and hands him his third drink and asks: "Hey, sorry, but 3 is our credit limit. Can I see some cash?"  To which the man throws back his drink and goes: "Aaaaw crap, it's already starting."
Beethoven walks into a bar The bartender tells him, "we don't serve any E-minors here."Beethoven says "what?"
A Roman walks into a bar. He holds up two fingers and says, "I'll take five beers, please."
A man walks into a bar and sees a pirate with the helm of a ship in his pants. The man is quite confused and stares for a while. Finally, he approaches the pirate and asks, "Is that a helm in your pants?" The pirate replies, "Aye!" The man says, "Isn't that driving you crazy?" The pirate says, "It's driving me nuts!"
A horse farmer walks into a bar looking depressed The bartender says hey what's the matter?The horse farmer says "I have these two horses and I just can't for the life of me tell them apart"The bartender tells the horse farmer to weigh his horses, so he goes home and does so. He returns the next day with a long face once more, and says to the bartender"It's no good each horse has the exact same weight"The bartender mules it over, and says "Here's a thought, go home, take your horses, and measure their exact height. Then you'll be able to tell your horses apart by their height.""What a great idea"The horse farmer says. He goes home, measures his horses and comes back to the bar the next day with a face full of tears, weeping and the bar man can tell the horse farmer's horses are the same height. The bartender thinks and thinks of a way to tell these horses apart, when,"Ah ha!" proclaimed the bartender excitedly"Here's what you do, go home to your horses sir, and measure the lengths of your horses tails, then finally you will be able to distinguish between your horses.""Thank you thank you! That's brilliant!" Exclaimed the newly relieved horse farmer, and on his way home he went to measure the lengths of his horses tail. This horse farmer returns to the bar once more with a big ol' grin on his face, proudly announcing to the bartender,"Great news! It worked! My white horse has a tail 1/3 of an inch shorter than my black horse!"
Guy Walks Into A Bar [From The New Yorker] So a guy walks into a bar one day and he can’t believe his eyes. There, in the corner, there’s this one-foot-tall man, in a little tuxedo, playing a tiny grand piano.So the guy asks the bartender, “Where’d he come from?”And the bartender’s, like, “There’s a genie in the men’s room who grants wishes.”So the guy runs into the men’s room and, sure enough, there’s this genie. And the genie’s, like, “Your wish is my command.” So the guy’s, like, “O.K., I wish for world peace.” And there’s this big cloud of smoke—and then the room fills up with geese.So the guy walks out of the men’s room and he’s, like, “Hey, bartender, I think your genie might be hard of hearing.”And the bartender’s, like, “No kidding. You think I wished for a twelve-inch pianist?”So the guy processes this. And he’s, like, “Does that mean you wished for a twelve-inch penis?”And the bartender’s, like, “Yeah. Why, what did you wish for?”And the guy’s, like, “World peace.”So the bartender is understandably ashamed.And the guy orders a beer, like everything is normal, but it’s obvious that something has changed between him and the bartender.And the bartender’s, like, “I feel like I should explain myself further.”And the guy’s, like, “You don’t have to.”But the bartender continues, in a hushed tone. And he’s, like, “I have what’s known as penile dysmorphic disorder. Basically, what that means is I fixate on my size. It’s not that I’m small down there. I’m actually within the normal range. Whenever I see it, though, I feel inadequate.”And the guy feels sorry for him. So he’s, like, “Where do you think that comes from?”And the bartender’s, like, “I don’t know. My dad and I had a tense relationship. He used to cheat on my mom, and I knew it was going on, but I didn’t tell her. I think it’s wrapped up in that somehow.”And the guy’s, like, “Have you ever seen anyone about this?”And the bartender’s, like, “Oh, yeah, I started seeing a therapist four years ago. But she says we’ve barely scratched the surface.”So, at around this point, the twelve-inch pianist finishes up his sonata. And he walks over to the bar and climbs onto one of the stools. And he’s, like, “Listen, I couldn’t help but overhear the end of your conversation. I never told anyone this before, but my dad and I didn’t speak the last ten years of his life.”And the bartender’s, like, “Tell me more about that.” And he pours the pianist a tiny glass of whiskey.And the twelve-inch pianist is, like, “He was a total monster. Beat us all. Told me once I was an accident.”And the bartender’s, like, “That’s horrible.”And the twelve-inch pianist shrugs. And he’s, like, “You know what? I’m over it. He always said I wouldn’t amount to anything, because of my height? Well, now look at me. I’m a professional musician!”And the pianist starts to laugh, but it’s a forced kind of laughter, and you can see the pain behind it. And then he’s, like, “When he was in the hospital, he had one of the nurses call me. I was going to go see him. Bought a plane ticket and everything. But before I could make it back to Tampa . . .”And then he starts to cry. And he’s, like, “I just wish I’d had a chance to say goodbye to my old man.”And all of a sudden there’s this big cloud of smoke—and a beat-up Plymouth Voyager appears!And the pianist is, like, “I said ‘old man,’ not ‘old van’!”And everybody laughs. And the pianist is, like, “Your genie’s hard of hearing.”And the bartender says, “No kidding. You think I wished for a twelve-inch pianist?”And as soon as the words leave his lips he regrets them. Because the pianist is, like, “Oh, my God. You didn’t really want me.”And the bartender’s, like, “No, it’s not like that.” You know, trying to backpedal.And the pianist smiles ruefully and says, “Once an accident, always an accident.” And he drinks all of his whiskey.And the bartender’s, like, “Brian, I’m sorry. I didn’t mean that.”And the pianist smashes his whiskey glass against the wall and says, “Well, I didn’t mean that.”And the bartender’s, like, “Whoa, calm down.”And the pianist is, like, “Fuck you!” And he’s really drunk, because he’s only one foot tall and so his tolerance for alcohol is extremely low. And he’s, like, “Fuck you, asshole! Fuck you!”And he starts throwing punches, but he’s too small to do any real damage, and eventually he just collapses in the bartender’s arms.And suddenly he has this revelation. And he’s, like, “My God, I’m just like him. I’m just like him.” And he starts weeping.And the bartender’s, like, “No, you’re not. You’re better than he was.”And the pianist is, like, “That’s not true. I’m worthless!”And the bartender grabs the pianist by the shoulders and says, “Damn it, Brian, listen to me! My life was hell before you entered it. Now I look forward to every day. You’re so talented and kind and you light up this whole bar. Hell, you light up my whole life. If I had a second wish, you know what it would be? It would be for you to realize how beautiful you are.”And the bartender kisses the pianist on the lips.So the guy, who’s been watching all this, is surprised, because he didn’t know the bartender was gay. It doesn’t bother him; it just catches him off guard, you know? So he goes to the bathroom, to give them a little privacy. And there’s the genie.So the guy’s, like, “Hey, genie, you need to get your ears fixed.”And the genie’s, like, “Who says they’re broken?” And he opens the door, revealing the happy couple, who are kissing and gaining strength from each other.And the guy’s, like, “Well done.”And then the genie says, “That bartender’s tiny penis is going to seem huge from the perspective of his one-foot-tall boyfriend.”And the graphic nature of the comment kind of kills the moment.And the genie’s, like, “I’m sorry. I should’ve left that part unsaid. I always do that. I take things too far.”And the guy’s, like, “Don’t worry about it. Let’s just grab a beer. It’s on me.”From: http://www.newyorker.com/magazine/2013/11/18/guy-walks-into-a-bar
A polar bear walks into a bar Sez, "l'll take a gin .... [ ] .... ..... and tonic."Bartender sez, "Why the big pause"?
A termite walks into a bar ...and asks, "Is the bar tender here?"
A skeleton walks into a bar Tells the bartender, "Gimme a beer and a mop."
A black guy walks into a bar with a beautiful parrot on his shoulder. "Wow," says the bartender. "That is really something. Where'd you get it?""Africa," says the parrot.
Sarah Jessica Parker walks into a bar. The bartender asks; "Why the long face?"
A guy walks into a bar and orders ten shots Poor guy, he was filled with bullets in the end of the day.
A guy walks into a bar and orders ten shots Bartender asks, "what are we celebrating tonight?" guy responds, "My first blowjob" Bartender says, "well congratulations! tell you what the 11th is on me." guys says," hell no! If ten wont get the taste out I don't think the 11th will make a difference."edit-Credit to my father-in-law
Two peanuts walks into a bar ...and one was a salted.
So this piece of rope walks into a bar ...and he tries to order a drink, the bartender says, "We don't serve your kind roun' here!" The piece of rope walks outside, ties himself in half a couple times, rubs himself in the dirt and drags his edges. He walks back into the bar and orders a drink. The bartender says, "Hey! Ain't you that same piece of rope?!" The piece of rope says, "Nope, I'm a frayed knot!"
A grasshopper walks into a bar ...the bartender glances at him and says: "Hey! We got a drink here named after you!"And the grasshopper says "What, Larry?"
A Board Game Walks into a Bar The bartender says, "look, we don't want any Trouble!"
An Olympic Gymnast walks into a bar As he passes a group of attractive women, they look at him and he overhears the word "Nine". Excited, he hurries over to the bartender. "You hear that?" he says, "they gave me a 9". "Well I don't know about that", the bartender responds, "last I heard they were speaking German."
A bear walks into a bar And he goes up the barman, rests his elbows on the bar, and says "I'll have a pint...... of beer please."And the barman says, "Why the big pause?"
A bear walks into a bar ... and orders a beer.  The bartender says "We can't serve a bear in this bar.  State law."Bear says "You had better serve me a beer, or I will kill and eat that woman at the end of the bar."Bartender says "I told you. No beer for no bear in this bar."Bear goes down to the end of the bar, kills the woman, and eats her.  Places his bloody paw on the bar and asks "Now do I get that beer?"Bartender says "I won't serve a beer to a bear in this bar. Particularly a bear on DRUGS!"Bear says "What drugs?  I'm clean!"Bartender says "I saw that bar bitch you ate."
A time traveler walks into a bar. He sits down and order a drink.  The bartender sighs and slowly pours him a glass.  The time traveler asks "What's the matter?"  The bartender says "I've been a bartender for 30 years today. I've seen people come and go and I've heard literally every 'person walks into a bar' joke. Every one. 'Blonde walks into a bar' 'Neil Armstrong walks into a bar' 'An orange haired man and a duck walk into a bar'... I just can't be surprised anymore"  The time traveler ponders for a moment "You couldn't have heard all of them. New jokes are being made every day".The bartender shakes his head "I'll prove it. What do *you* do?"  The time traveler says "I'm a time traveler. I cross the streams of times and fix paradoxes"  The bartender smiles and says "A time traveler walks into a bar... A time... Traveler walks into a bar... You know, I've never heard a time traveler walks into a bar joke"  The time traveler replies "I don't think I did either"  The bartender sighs again "Look, I gotta go back to my customers. Enjoy your beer"The time traveler sits and thinks, he makes it his mission to brighten the poor bartender's day with a "time traveler walks into a bar" joke.  He sits on the stool for hours, trying to come up with something until finally an idea strikes him, the most perfect "time traveler walks into a bar" joke ever thought of.  He looks around the bar for the poor bartender but can't see him. He asks the man behind the counter. He said that bartender's shift was over and he's gone for the day.The time traveler decided to go back a few hours and cheer up the bartender with his joke. He got into his time machine, twiddled the knobs and went back in time.In front of him is a massive wasteland and untamed land. A cliff with several caves is nearby. The time traveler checks his machinery "Damn. I overshot it. It's the right date and time, but the wrong year". A neanderthal gets out of his cave and approaches the time traveler. He grunts at the time traveler "You look strange. Who you?"  The time traveler says "Me? I'm a time traveler. I was supposed to meet a friend of mine here, but... Hey, want to hear a great joke? A time traveler walks into a bar-"  The neanderthal holds his hands up and stops him "Too soon! Too soon!"
A Jumper Cable Walks Into a Bar The bartender says, "I'll serve you if you promise not to start anything." 
A SQL statement walks into a bar he confidently walks up to a couple of tables and says, "May I join you?".
A strange man walks into a bar. A man was sitting at the bar, sipping his pint, when suddenly a man wearing a white morph suit, tweed jacket and a deer stalker walks into the bar. He walks straight up the wall, across the ceiling and back down the wall towards the bar. He points towards the Jack Daniel's & puts up 2 fingers and the barman pours a double. In one swift motion he downs in, walks back up the wall, across the ceiling, down the other wall and out the door.Then the man sat at the bar turns round to the Barman and says "That was a bit odd wasn't it?" and the Barman says "Yeah he usually has a Guinness".
The number 13579 walks into a bar barman says "sorry, can't serve you, you're too odd"
A duck walks into a bar, hops up on the bar, waddles down to the bartender, and asks ... "Got any quackers?"The barman looked at the duck for a second, then said "No, Besides, you're a duck. It's a health code violation for you to be in here, so get out before I call animal control."The duck leaves, but comes back the next day. Same situation: "Got any quackers?""Look you stupid feathered, I told you yesterday that I don't have any, and you need to leave. If you come back again, I'm going to nail your bill to the bar."The duck comes back the next day and approaches the bartender.Duck: "Got any nails?"Barkeep: "Uh, no."Duck: "Got any quackers?"
"So this guy walks into a bar and orders three beers ...several nights a week and drinks them down.  The bartender asks him why he doesn't order them one at a time so they will stay cold. The guy replies "I'm from Ireland and my brothers are still there. This helps me to think that they're right here with me".Months go by and the guy walks in, sits down and orders two beers with a frown and drinks them down. The bartender fearing the man lost one of his brothers comes over to offer condolences. The guy says, thanks but my brothers are fine but you see I had to quit drinking myself."**I didn't want to spoil the joke in the title.  This joke was written by /u/Rks1157 in [this](http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/2ee16p/a_friend_was_at_a_bar_a_guy_walked_in_paid_for_a/) thread.**
A skeleton walks into a bar and he orders a beer and a mop.
A dog walks into a bar.. Bartender comes over and asks...."why do you look so rough?"
""A naked blonde walks into a bar with a poodle under one arm and a two-foot salami under the other  She lays the poodle on the table. Bartender says,'I suppose you won't be needing a drink.' Naked lady says..." He then falls through the air vent and in due to his shock, forgets about telling the joke yelling "Oh shit!" The next lines uttered by him are "Forgot my pencil" by means of an explanation to his confused classmates as to how he got back into the library. The joke was ad-libbed by Judd Nelson and as thus, does not have an actual punchline.
Helen Keller walks into a bar  then a table and then a chair. 
Gold walks into a bar Copper says, "Au! Get outta here!"
Ken walks into a bar ..bie doll.
A man walks into a bar. The impact gave him a concussion.
A guy walks into a bar that has a magic genie A guy walks into a bar because he knows that the bartender is the owner of a magic genie. So as soon as he walks into this new mysterious bar he sees as a tiny leprechaun playing the piano. At first he thinks it is weird but eventually he forgets about it. So the man walks up to the bartender and says, "Hey man, I've never been to this bar before but I hear from friends you have a magic genie that grants wishes." The bartender replies, "Yes I do and because I'm feeling very generous today I'm going to let you go have one wish for free." The bartender then leads the man to an empty backroom filled with nothing but the genie's lamp where he is sleeping. The bartender tells the man that all he has to is rub the lamp and the genie will come out. Before the bartender leaves he pulls the man aside and says, "Sir you have to very careful, speak very loudly and very clearly because this genie is very hard of hearing." "Okay. I'll keep that in mind" says the man." Then the bartender leaves and as soon as he leaves the man quickly rubs the lamp. Almost immediately the room fills with colors and smoke. Then the genie appears and says "I am the genie of the lamp! What is your one wish?" "I wish for a million bucks" says the man. All of a sudden a million ducks fly into the room. The man becomes incredibly furious because he knows that wish had been wasted. He walks out of the room, goes up to the bartender and says "Man you were right that genie really is hard of hearing." The bartender replies, "Tell me about it. (points at the piano playing leprechaun) Do you really think that I asked for a 10 inch pianist?"
Sarah Jessica Parker walks into a bar The bartender asks her "why the long face?" ! 
A guy walks into a bar. .. He's in critical condition.
So a blind man walks into a bar And a table. And a chair.
A bear walks into a bar, the bartender says, "What'll ya have?" The bear says, "A gin and....""...Tonic."The bartender says, "What's with the big pause?"The bear holds them up and says, "I dunno, my father had them too."
A guy walks into a bar and orders a triple scotch.The bartender pours him the drink and the guy downs it in one gulp. "Wow", says the bartender, "Something bad must have happened".Yeah it did, he said. "I came home early today, went up to the bedroom, and found my wife having sex with my best friend."The bartender pours the guy another triple shot. "This one's on the house". The dude gulps it down once again. The bartender asks "Did you say anything to your wife ?" The guy answers "Yea, I walked up to her, told her to pack her bag's and get out !""What about your friend ?" asks the bartender. "I looked him straight in the eye and said BAD DOG" 
A gymnast walks into a bar She is then deducted five points.
A guy walks into a bar, orders 12 shots, and starts drinking them as fast as he can. The bartender asks, "Dang, why are you drinking so fast?"The guy says, "You would be drinking fast, too, if you had what I had."The bartender asks, "What do you have?"The guy says, "75 cents."
A bear walks into a bar and asks the bartender for a beer. The bartender says, "Sorry, we don't give beer to bears in bars."The bear replies, "If you don't give me a beer, I'll eat that lady over there."The bartender says, "Go ahead."So the bear eats the lady and again asks the bartender for a beer. The bartender says, "Sorry, we don't give beer to bears; especially not to bears that are on drugs.""What do mean," asks the bear. "I'm not on drugs.""Yes, you are, that was the bar bitch you ate."
Piece of tarmac walks into a bar, and orders a beer he needs the toilet, so he asks the guy next to him to watch his beer while he goes to the toilet. Gets back to the bar,  and the beer is gone!! "hey, what gives?" demands the piece of tarmac."oh, that piece of red tarmac over there said he was a friend of yours." said the man, "frankly I've never seen talking tarmac before today, so I didn't argue, and he drank your beer. Do you want to go talk to him?""Im not talking to him!!" said the tarmac, "he's a cycle path!"
A rope walks into a bar The bartender says "we don't serve your kind here." The rope gets really mad and storms out, he scrunches over, gets all twisted up and pulls at his hair in frustration. The next day the rope goes back to the bar. The bartender looks at him thinking he recognizes him, he asks "aren't you that rope from yesterday?" The rope responds "I'm a frayed knot."
A man walks into a bar Orders some drinks, gets fucking plastered. He leaves and comes back the next day. "Man, I got so drunk last night, I blew chunks!" he says. "Oh that's normal" replies the bartender. "No, you don't understand" says the man, "Chunks is my dog"
Jesus walks into a bar, goes up to the barman and says I'll just have a water thanks ;)
A sandwich walks into a bar. The barman says ''Sorry we don't serve food in here'' 
So a skeleton walks into a bar and says "I'll have a beer and a mop"
A guy down on his luck walks into a bar and is given a magic lamp A sobbing man walks into a bar, walks up to the bartender and sheepishly asks for a double scotch neat. He's on his 3rd glass of scotch when he notices a tiny man playing a piano in the corner of the bar. He thinks he's drunk so he shakes it off and starts telling the bartender how his wife just left him and how he just lost his job. The bartender points to the back room and said "Walk back there and pick up the gold lamp on the desk and rub it." The guy walks into the back room and rubs the gold lamp. All of the sudden a  big green genie pops out and says "OK buddy you get one wish, have at it." The man instantly perks up and says "I want a million bucks!"  POOF!  The man then emerges from the back room followed by a row of 1 million ducks quacking away. He walks over to the bartender and says "What the hell!  I think your genie has a hearing problem."  The bartender said "No shit, you think I asked for a 12 inch pianist?"
A seal walks into a bar And the bartender says "what will it be?"The seal replies "I'm fine with anything as long as it's not Canadian club."
A mushroom walks into a bar Bartender says "we don't serve your kind here!!"Mushroom says "why not?!?  I'm a fungi!"
A nudist walks into a bar He sits down at a barstool and asks the bartender for a pint.  The bartender brings him a pint and says, "Hey son, I noticed you had a butt plug in when you walked in.  Kinda odd for a nudist like yourself, don't you think?"  The nudists sighs and says, "There is actually a story behind that but that is for another time."  Thus ends the conversation for the time being.  The bartender is still somewhat curious so a short time later he comes over and asks again.  The nudist seems uncomfortable but in the end he agrees and says, "I was out for my daily walk last night along the beach when I tripped and fell on a magic lamp.  I was genuinely inquisitive so I gave that magic lamp a little rub and wouldn't you know it? A genie popped out and offered to grant me one wish." "Wow," remarked the bartender, "What did you say to the genie after that?""No shit!" the nudist replied.
A three legged puppy walks into a bar The puppy looks at everyone in the bar and says, I'm looking for the man that shot my paw.
So a guy walks into a bar with a gun Who had sex with my wife!!?A man shouts from the back, *you don't have enough bullets bro*!
A Roman walks into a bar. A roman walks into a bar and holds up two fingers."5 pints please."
A bear walks into a bar He bruskly orders a beer. Barkeep blares, "We don't serve beers to bears in Biloxi." Bear replies, "Barkeep, please; just a beer..." "We don't. Serve beers. To bears. In Biloxi."Bear bends in, motions barkeep to do the same, "You see that woman at the end of the bar? If you don't give me a beer, I'll kill her and eat her up." Barkeep looks a bit bewildered, but replies, "You do what you gotta do. We don't serve beers to bears in Biloxi." Bear stands up, kills and eats the woman. He returns to the barkeep. Before the bear can say anything the barkeep raises a hand and says, "... And we don't serve drug addicts either." It's the bear's turn to look bewildered, "What do you mean drug addict?" Barkeep looks bemused, "We don't serve beers to bears in Biloxi and that," motioning to what remained of the woman, "was a bar-bitch-you-ate." 
A bear walks into a bar….. He says to the bar man: “Can I. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . have a pint of beer please?The bar man replies: “Sure! Why the big pause?”Bear: “I dunno, I was born with them.”
A guy walks into a bar holding a dog poop he says "hey guys, look what I almost stepped in"
A depressed koala walks into a bar. He sits down and orders a drink, and the bartender says "You look a little down. Why don't you go down the block and meet up with a friend of mine? She'll lift your spirits." The koala goes down the block and finds a prostitute, takes her to the nearest motel, and fucks her. When they're done the prostitute says "Alright, so where's the money?" to which the koala responds "What money?" She grabs a dictionary, looks up "prostitute," and shows the koala it's definition: "has sex for money." The koala takes the dictionary from her, looks up "koala," and shows her his definition: "eats bush and leaves."
A gun walks into a bar And says "Hey bartender - I need to get loaded." The bartender says "Ok, I'll get you a few rounds."
Stephen Hawking walks into a bar… 
A man walks into a bar And says to the bartender "Hey buddy, if I show you something truly **amazing**, will ya give me a free drink?"The bartender looks around, and seeing how its an insanely slow day, and he's bored out of his wits cleaning glasses all day, says "Sure, why the hell not? But it has to be **amazing!**"So, the man reaches into his coat, and pulls out a 14 inch Baby Grand Piano, which he proceeds to play a few random notes on."Dang Mister, that *is* **amazing!**" says the bartender, and pours him a beer.The man drinks the beer, and says "Bartender, if I show you something *even more* **AMAZING**, will you pour me another?"The bartender thinks for a moment, looks around at the dead bar, and says "Shit mister, if you have something *more* amazing than that in your pocket, you **deserve** another drink!"So, the man proceeds to pull out a 12-inch, live, human being, and sets him down at the piano, where the mini-man proceeds to play a stunning rendition of Bach's Minuet in G.  The bartender stands there in complete awe at what he's seeing, but a few moment later, true to his word, pours the man his **second** drink.The man tucks his miniature piano and person back into his coat, sits back down, and enjoys his second drink.  When he's almost done, the bartender looks at him and says "Ok mister, The piano, that was **amazing**, it really was.  But then that real-live person, that was **incredible**!  So I have to ask you, where in God's green earth did you do find those???"  The man studies the bartender for a moment, and calmly replys, "If I show you, will you pour me one last drink, and then leave me be in peace to enjoy my third and final drink?"**"HELL YES!"**, responds the bartender. "Gladly!"So, the man pulls out a shiny, albeit ordinary, grey river rock.   He tells the bartender, "Hold this rock in your hand, close your eyes, and concentrate very hard on whatever it is you desire or wish for most of all."  He holds the rock out for the bartender to take, which he does.The bartender looks at him incredulously, then at the rock, then back at him, but nevertheless pours the man a final draft.  He then closes his eyes, clutching the rock tightly in his fist, and concentrates harder than he's ever concentrated on anything in his life. **POOF!** The next second the largest flock of ducks the world has ever seen fly through the bar wracking havoc and destruction in their path as they go.**"WHAT THE FUCK!"** yells the bartender, as he tosses the rock back to the man.  "This rock **SUCKS!** I asked for a million *BUCKS*, not a million *DUCKS*!"Smiling, the man takes a long drink, pockets the rock again, and responds "Good Sir, you seem intelligent; Do you *really* believe I asked for a 12-inch Pianist?"=)
A neutron walks into a bar. If you dont know how the rest goes im sorry you dont deserve to be on the internet.
So a guy walks into a bar This was originally from the New Yorker: So a guy walks into a bar one day and he can’t believe his eyes. There, in the corner, there’s this one-foot-tall man, in a little tuxedo, playing a tiny grand piano.So the guy asks the bartender, “Where’d he come from?”And the bartender’s, like, “There’s a genie in the men’s room who grants wishes.”So the guy runs into the men’s room and, sure enough, there’s this genie. And the genie’s, like, “Your wish is my command.” So the guy’s, like, “O.K., I wish for world peace.” And there’s this big cloud of smoke—and then the room fills up with geese.So the guy walks out of the men’s room and he’s, like, “Hey, bartender, I think your genie might be hard of hearing.”And the bartender’s, like, “No kidding. You think I wished for a twelve-inch pianist?”So the guy processes this. And he’s, like, “Does that mean you wished for a twelve-inch penis?”And the bartender’s, like, “Yeah. Why, what did you wish for?”And the guy’s, like, “World peace.”So the bartender is understandably ashamed.And the guy orders a beer, like everything is normal, but it’s obvious that something has changed between him and the bartender.And the bartender’s, like, “I feel like I should explain myself further.”And the guy’s, like, “You don’t have to.”But the bartender continues, in a hushed tone. And he’s, like, “I have what’s known as penile dysmorphic disorder. Basically, what that means is I fixate on my size. It’s not that I’m small down there. I’m actually within the normal range. Whenever I see it, though, I feel inadequate.”And the guy feels sorry for him. So he’s, like, “Where do you think that comes from?”And the bartender’s, like, “I don’t know. My dad and I had a tense relationship. He used to cheat on my mom, and I knew it was going on, but I didn’t tell her. I think it’s wrapped up in that somehow.”And the guy’s, like, “Have you ever seen anyone about this?”And the bartender’s, like, “Oh, yeah, I started seeing a therapist four years ago. But she says we’ve barely scratched the surface.”So, at around this point, the twelve-inch pianist finishes up his sonata. And he walks over to the bar and climbs onto one of the stools. And he’s, like, “Listen, I couldn’t help but overhear the end of your conversation. I never told anyone this before, but my dad and I didn’t speak the last ten years of his life.”And the bartender’s, like, “Tell me more about that.” And he pours the pianist a tiny glass of whiskey.And the twelve-inch pianist is, like, “He was a total monster. Beat us all. Told me once I was an accident.”And the bartender’s, like, “That’s horrible.”And the twelve-inch pianist shrugs. And he’s, like, “You know what? I’m over it. He always said I wouldn’t amount to anything, because of my height? Well, now look at me. I’m a professional musician!”And the pianist starts to laugh, but it’s a forced kind of laughter, and you can see the pain behind it. And then he’s, like, “When he was in the hospital, he had one of the nurses call me. I was going to go see him. Bought a plane ticket and everything. But before I could make it back to Tampa . . .”And then he starts to cry. And he’s, like, “I just wish I’d had a chance to say goodbye to my old man.”And all of a sudden there’s this big cloud of smoke—and a beat-up Plymouth Voyager appears!And the pianist is, like, “I said ‘old man,’ not ‘old van’!”And everybody laughs. And the pianist is, like, “Your genie’s hard of hearing.”And the bartender says, “No kidding. You think I wished for a twelve-inch pianist?”And as soon as the words leave his lips he regrets them. Because the pianist is, like, “Oh, my God. You didn’t really want me.”And the bartender’s, like, “No, it’s not like that.” You know, trying to backpedal.And the pianist smiles ruefully and says, “Once an accident, always an accident.” And he drinks all of his whiskey.And the bartender’s, like, “Brian, I’m sorry. I didn’t mean that.”And the pianist smashes his whiskey glass against the wall and says, “Well, I didn’t mean that.”And the bartender’s, like, “Whoa, calm down.”And the pianist is, like, “Fuck you!” And he’s really drunk, because he’s only one foot tall and so his tolerance for alcohol is extremely low. And he’s, like, “Fuck you, asshole! Fuck you!”And he starts throwing punches, but he’s too small to do any real damage, and eventually he just collapses in the bartender’s arms.And suddenly he has this revelation. And he’s, like, “My God, I’m just like him. I’m just like him.” And he starts weeping.And the bartender’s, like, “No, you’re not. You’re better than he was.”And the pianist is, like, “That’s not true. I’m worthless!”And the bartender grabs the pianist by the shoulders and says, “Damn it, Brian, listen to me! My life was hell before you entered it. Now I look forward to every day. You’re so talented and kind and you light up this whole bar. Hell, you light up my whole life. If I had a second wish, you know what it would be? It would be for you to realize how beautiful you are.”And the bartender kisses the pianist on the lips.So the guy, who’s been watching all this, is surprised, because he didn’t know the bartender was gay. It doesn’t bother him; it just catches him off guard, you know? So he goes to the bathroom, to give them a little privacy. And there’s the genie.So the guy’s, like, “Hey, genie, you need to get your ears fixed.”And the genie’s, like, “Who says they’re broken?” And he opens the door, revealing the happy couple, who are kissing and gaining strength from each other.And the guy’s, like, “Well done.”And then the genie says, “That bartender’s tiny penis is going to seem huge from the perspective of his one-foot-tall boyfriend.”And the graphic nature of the comment kind of kills the moment.And the genie’s, like, “I’m sorry. I should’ve left that part unsaid. I always do that. I take things too far.”And the guy’s, like, “Don’t worry about it. Let’s just grab a beer. It’s on me.”
A nun walks into a bar "A bottle of whisky please." The nun asks."No, sorry I can't sell whisky to a nun, You understand sis...""Mary Clarence." The nun interrupts. "It's not for me, but for mother superior."The barman let's down his gaurd and agrees. When his shift ends he finds the nun drunk, half naked and dancing in the streets."For shame, Mary Clarence! I thought you said the whisky was for mother superior!""Oh and it is, she's constipated, but when she sees me she'll shit her pants!"
A man walks into a bar, and asks:-who owns the big dobermann outside.-I own that dog, the meanest and ugliest of the bikers say.-I am truly sorry, but it appears that my little Chihuahua has killed it.-"What? How is that possible?" The biker says.-Well, your dog got mine stuck in its throat.
A man walks into a bar and orders a vodka tonic. The bartender puts an apple on the bar. "The fuck is this?" Asks the man. "Just try it" says the bartender. "WOW this apple tastes like vodka!" The bar tender says "Try the other side..." "WOW it tastes just like tonic!" Another man walks in and orders a rum and coke, the bartender puts an apple on the bar. "What the hell?" He says. "Just try it!" Says the first customer. "WOW it tastes just like rum!" "Turn it around" says the bartender. "WOW it tastes just like coke!" A third man walks in and orders a water. "NO!" say the first two gentlemen. "You HAVE to order a drink, this guy has an apple that tastes like anything!" "You got an apple that tastes like pussy?" Asks the man. "Do I got an apple that tastes like pussy..." says the bartender as he puts an apple on the bar. "BLEGH!! EUUGGH THIS APPLE TASTES LIKE SHIT!" The bartender says... "Try the other side."
A Man Walks into a Bar to Celebrate NSFW He sits down and orders a shot of whiskey and tells the bartender he is celebrating his first blowjob.  The bartender congratulates him and tells him the whiskey is on the house.  After the first shot, the man orders another couple of shots.  The bartender gives him the shots and asks, "Are you still celebrating?" And the man responds "Yeah, I can't seem to get the taste out of my mouth"
A man walks into a bar and orders a triple scotch.The bartender pours him his drink and asks, "What happened?""I came home early from work today...and found my wife having sex with my best friend"The bartender pours him a second drink - "That's awful, what did you say to your wife?""I told her we were through. 'Pack your bags, and leave!'""What about your friend?""I waved my finger at him, looked him straight in the eye, and told him...bad dog."
A pretty girl walks into a bar. Bartender asks, "what are you having?". Girl responds "I'll take a a Double entendre". ... So he gives it to her.
A man walks into a bar and hears the most beautiful music in the world (NSFW) A business man walks into a bar. As he is sat down drinking his beer he notices a man playing the piano. After a few minutes he goes over .“That tune was beautiful. I’ve never heard it before. What is it called?”“You like to take it up the arse you filthy bitch” replied the pianistI beg your pardon? “You like to take it up the arse you filthy bitch” “What an awful title”“I wrote the song I call it what ever I like!”The man sat back at his seat.The pianist played another beautiful songAgain the man went up to the pianist and enquired what he was playing.“I want to fuck your tits till spunk comes out your nose”“Jesus, that’s even worse !”“I wrote the song I’ll call it what I like!”The pianist continued to play for another half hour a fantastic set. The pub is in tears and is applauding loudly. At the end the businessman once again approached the pianist -  “ I have a dinner party next week and I would love it if you could play during the meal”They agreed a price.The day of the party. The guests arrived but the pianist was late. An hour late the doorbell rang and the man answered“Thank God you’re here at last. Quick into the lounge.”The pianist hesitated “I can't go in yet, I need to have a wank?”"I beg your pardon"“I can only play once I’ve relieved my sexual frustrations”The host hesitated but then showed him to the toilet. And returned to his guests in the lounge.After a few minutes. The pianist shambles into the lounge. There’s semen all over his face and clothes and his penis is out of his trousers.The guests gasp in shock.The host aghast says “Do you know your cocks hanging out and there’s spunk all over your face”Do I know it, Do I know it!!! I fucking wrote it.
Sarah Jessica Parker walks into a bar n.
A blind man walks into a bar ... Then in a table, then in a chair...
A person walks into a bar. Ouch.
Guy walks into a bar. So a guy walks into a bar one day and he can’t believe his eyes. There, in the corner, there’s this one-foot-tall man, in a little tuxedo, playing a tiny grand piano.So the guy asks the bartender, “Where’d he come from?”And the bartender’s, like, “There’s a genie in the men’s room who grants wishes.”So the guy runs into the men’s room and, sure enough, there’s this genie. And the genie’s, like, “Your wish is my command.” So the guy’s, like, “O.K., I wish for world peace.” And there’s this big cloud of smoke—and then the room fills up with geese.So the guy walks out of the men’s room and he’s, like, “Hey, bartender, I think your genie might be hard of hearing.”And the bartender’s, like, “No kidding. You think I wished for a twelve-inch pianist?”So the guy processes this. And he’s, like, “Does that mean you wished for a twelve-inch penis?”And the bartender’s, like, “Yeah. Why, what did you wish for?”And the guy’s, like, “World peace.”So the bartender is understandably ashamed.And the guy orders a beer, like everything is normal, but it’s obvious that something has changed between him and the bartender.And the bartender’s, like, “I feel like I should explain myself further.”And the guy’s, like, “You don’t have to.”But the bartender continues, in a hushed tone. And he’s, like, “I have what’s known as penile dysmorphic disorder. Basically, what that means is I fixate on my size. It’s not that I’m small down there. I’m actually within the normal range. Whenever I see it, though, I feel inadequate.”And the guy feels sorry for him. So he’s, like, “Where do you think that comes from?”And the bartender’s, like, “I don’t know. My dad and I had a tense relationship. He used to cheat on my mom, and I knew it was going on, but I didn’t tell her. I think it’s wrapped up in that somehow.”And the guy’s, like, “Have you ever seen anyone about this?”And the bartender’s, like, “Oh, yeah, I started seeing a therapist four years ago. But she says we’ve barely scratched the surface.”So, at around this point, the twelve-inch pianist finishes up his sonata. And he walks over to the bar and climbs onto one of the stools. And he’s, like, “Listen, I couldn’t help but overhear the end of your conversation. I never told anyone this before, but my dad and I didn’t speak the last ten years of his life.”And the bartender’s, like, “Tell me more about that.” And he pours the pianist a tiny glass of whiskey.And the twelve-inch pianist is, like, “He was a total monster. Beat us all. Told me once I was an accident.”And the bartender’s, like, “That’s horrible.”And the twelve-inch pianist shrugs. And he’s, like, “You know what? I’m over it. He always said I wouldn’t amount to anything, because of my height? Well, now look at me. I’m a professional musician!”And the pianist starts to laugh, but it’s a forced kind of laughter, and you can see the pain behind it. And then he’s, like, “When he was in the hospital, he had one of the nurses call me. I was going to go see him. Bought a plane ticket and everything. But before I could make it back to Tampa . . .”And then he starts to cry. And he’s, like, “I just wish I’d had a chance to say goodbye to my old man.”And all of a sudden there’s this big cloud of smoke—and a beat-up Plymouth Voyager appears!And the pianist is, like, “I said ‘old man,’ not ‘old van’!”And everybody laughs. And the pianist is, like, “Your genie’s hard of hearing.”And the bartender says, “No kidding. You think I wished for a twelve-inch pianist?”And as soon as the words leave his lips he regrets them. Because the pianist is, like, “Oh, my God. You didn’t really want me.”And the bartender’s, like, “No, it’s not like that.” You know, trying to backpedal.And the pianist smiles ruefully and says, “Once an accident, always an accident.” And he drinks all of his whiskey.And the bartender’s, like, “Brian, I’m sorry. I didn’t mean that.”And the pianist smashes his whiskey glass against the wall and says, “Well, I didn’t mean that.”And the bartender’s, like, “Whoa, calm down.”And the pianist is, like, “Fuck you!” And he’s really drunk, because he’s only one foot tall and so his tolerance for alcohol is extremely low. And he’s, like, “Fuck you, asshole! Fuck you!”And he starts throwing punches, but he’s too small to do any real damage, and eventually he just collapses in the bartender’s arms.And suddenly he has this revelation. And he’s, like, “My God, I’m just like him. I’m just like him.” And he starts weeping.And the bartender’s, like, “No, you’re not. You’re better than he was.”And the pianist is, like, “That’s not true. I’m worthless!”And the bartender grabs the pianist by the shoulders and says, “Damn it, Brian, listen to me! My life was hell before you entered it. Now I look forward to every day. You’re so talented and kind and you light up this whole bar. Hell, you light up my whole life. If I had a second wish, you know what it would be? It would be for you to realize how beautiful you are.”And the bartender kisses the pianist on the lips.So the guy, who’s been watching all this, is surprised, because he didn’t know the bartender was gay. It doesn’t bother him; it just catches him off guard, you know? So he goes to the bathroom, to give them a little privacy. And there’s the genie.So the guy’s, like, “Hey, genie, you need to get your ears fixed.”And the genie’s, like, “Who says they’re broken?” And he opens the door, revealing the happy couple, who are kissing and gaining strength from each other.And the guy’s, like, “Well done.”And then the genie says, “That bartender’s tiny penis is going to seem huge from the perspective of his one-foot-tall boyfriend.”And the graphic nature of the comment kind of kills the moment.And the genie’s, like, “I’m sorry. I should’ve left that part unsaid. I always do that. I take things too far.”And the guy’s, like, “Don’t worry about it. Let’s just grab a beer. It’s on me.From :  www.newyorker.com/magazine/2013/11/18/guy-walks-into-a-bar?src=mp
A rope walks into a bar "I'll have a whiskey," he says.The bartender eyes him, then gruffly replies, "We don't serve your kind here."The rope leaves, dejected.  He turns the corner and gets an idea.  He ties himself into a knot and tussles his hair, then goes back into the bar."I'll take a whiskey," he tells the bartender.Again, the bartender looks him up and down, narrows his eyes and asks, "Say, ain't you that rope that was in here a few minutes ago?"The rope replies, "No sir, I'm a frayed knot."
So a guy walks into a bar one day and he can’t believe his eyes. There, in the corner, there’s this one-foot-tall man, in a little tuxedo, playing a tiny grand piano.So the guy asks the bartender, “Where’d he come from?”And the bartender’s, like, “There’s a genie in the men’s room who grants wishes.”So the guy runs into the men’s room and, sure enough, there’s this genie. And the genie’s, like, “Your wish is my command.” So the guy’s, like, “O.K., I wish for world peace.” And there’s this big cloud of smoke—and then the room fills up with geese.So the guy walks out of the men’s room and he’s, like, “Hey, bartender, I think your genie might be hard of hearing.”And the bartender’s, like, “No kidding. You think I wished for a twelve-inch pianist?”So the guy processes this. And he’s, like, “Does that mean you wished for a twelve-inch penis?”And the bartender’s, like, “Yeah. Why, what did you wish for?”And the guy’s, like, “World peace.”So the bartender is understandably ashamed.And the guy orders a beer, like everything is normal, but it’s obvious that something has changed between him and the bartender.And the bartender’s, like, “I feel like I should explain myself further.”And the guy’s, like, “You don’t have to.”But the bartender continues, in a hushed tone. And he’s, like, “I have what’s known as penile dysmorphic disorder. Basically, what that means is I fixate on my size. It’s not that I’m small down there. I’m actually within the normal range. Whenever I see it, though, I feel inadequate.”And the guy feels sorry for him. So he’s, like, “Where do you think that comes from?”And the bartender’s, like, “I don’t know. My dad and I had a tense relationship. He used to cheat on my mom, and I knew it was going on, but I didn’t tell her. I think it’s wrapped up in that somehow.”And the guy’s, like, “Have you ever seen anyone about this?”And the bartender’s, like, “Oh, yeah, I started seeing a therapist four years ago. But she says we’ve barely scratched the surface.”So, at around this point, the twelve-inch pianist finishes up his sonata. And he walks over to the bar and climbs onto one of the stools. And he’s, like, “Listen, I couldn’t help but overhear the end of your conversation. I never told anyone this before, but my dad and I didn’t speak the last ten years of his life.”And the bartender’s, like, “Tell me more about that.” And he pours the pianist a tiny glass of whiskey.And the twelve-inch pianist is, like, “He was a total monster. Beat us all. Told me once I was an accident.”And the bartender’s, like, “That’s horrible.”And the twelve-inch pianist shrugs. And he’s, like, “You know what? I’m over it. He always said I wouldn’t amount to anything, because of my height? Well, now look at me. I’m a professional musician!”And the pianist starts to laugh, but it’s a forced kind of laughter, and you can see the pain behind it. And then he’s, like, “When he was in the hospital, he had one of the nurses call me. I was going to go see him. Bought a plane ticket and everything. But before I could make it back to Tampa . . .”And then he starts to cry. And he’s, like, “I just wish I’d had a chance to say goodbye to my old man.”And all of a sudden there’s this big cloud of smoke—and a beat-up Plymouth Voyager appears!And the pianist is, like, “I said ‘old man,’ not ‘old van’!”And everybody laughs. And the pianist is, like, “Your genie’s hard of hearing.”And the bartender says, “No kidding. You think I wished for a twelve-inch pianist?”And as soon as the words leave his lips he regrets them. Because the pianist is, like, “Oh, my God. You didn’t really want me.”And the bartender’s, like, “No, it’s not like that.” You know, trying to backpedal.And the pianist smiles ruefully and says, “Once an accident, always an accident.” And he drinks all of his whiskey.And the bartender’s, like, “Brian, I’m sorry. I didn’t mean that.”And the pianist smashes his whiskey glass against the wall and says, “Well, I didn’t mean that.”And the bartender’s, like, “Whoa, calm down.”And the pianist is, like, “Fuck you!” And he’s really drunk, because he’s only one foot tall and so his tolerance for alcohol is extremely low. And he’s, like, “Fuck you, asshole! Fuck you!”And he starts throwing punches, but he’s too small to do any real damage, and eventually he just collapses in the bartender’s arms.And suddenly he has this revelation. And he’s, like, “My God, I’m just like him. I’m just like him.” And he starts weeping.And the bartender’s, like, “No, you’re not. You’re better than he was.”And the pianist is, like, “That’s not true. I’m worthless!”And the bartender grabs the pianist by the shoulders and says, “Damn it, Brian, listen to me! My life was hell before you entered it. Now I look forward to every day. You’re so talented and kind and you light up this whole bar. Hell, you light up my whole life. If I had a second wish, you know what it would be? It would be for you to realize how beautiful you are.”And the bartender kisses the pianist on the lips.So the guy, who’s been watching all this, is surprised, because he didn’t know the bartender was gay. It doesn’t bother him; it just catches him off guard, you know? So he goes to the bathroom, to give them a little privacy. And there’s the genie.So the guy’s, like, “Hey, genie, you need to get your ears fixed.”And the genie’s, like, “Who says they’re broken?” And he opens the door, revealing the happy couple, who are kissing and gaining strength from each other.And the guy’s, like, “Well done.”And then the genie says, “That bartender’s tiny penis is going to seem huge from the perspective of his one-foot-tall boyfriend.”And the graphic nature of the comment kind of kills the moment.And the genie’s, like, “I’m sorry. I should’ve left that part unsaid. I always do that. I take things too far.”And the guy’s, like, “Don’t worry about it. Let’s just grab a beer. It’s on me.”
Michelle Obama walks into a bar where the bartender is Vladimir Putin complete the joke...
A skeleton walks into a bar, he says, "gimme a beer, and a mop."
A woman walks into a bar wearing a beautiful tuxedo made entirely of human hair As she walks through the bar, conversations stop and heads turn to admire the wondrous garment. When it seems that all eyes are on the mysterious stranger, she stops suddenly, takes the jacket off, pulls a box of matches out, strikes a match and sets the jacket on fire. Cries of dismay sound throughout the building as the beautiful, hairy jacket is quickly engulfed in flames. One guy turns to his friend in disbelief and cries, "What the fuck is she doing man?! I loved that jacket!" His friend, however, turns back to him with a reprimanding look and says, "Woah there, partner, back off. She can do what she wants with it, it's hirsute."
A guy walks into a bar with an alligator under one arm and a club under the other. He slams the alligator down on a table, opens it's mouth, shoves in his dick and hits the alligator over the head with the club. He then exclaims, " Any of you fuckers think you're man enough to do that"? Gay guy in the corner stands up and says, " I'll try it if you don't hit me with the stick"!
A polydactyl cat walks into a bar.. He the. Says to the bartender " hey, can I get a ................................... ........ drink?"The bartender replies "Sure, but what's with the awkward paws?
A girl walks into a bar and asks the bartender for a double entendre ... So he gives it to her! 
A guy walks into a bar. ouch
A pirate walks into a bar ...he has a parrot on his shoulder and a steering wheel on his belt buckle. Bartender says, "hey you've got a steering wheel on your belt." Pirate says, "arg! I know, it's driving me nuts!"
Guy Walks Into a Bar From [The New Yorker](http://www.newyorker.com/magazine/2013/11/18/guy-walks-into-a-bar)So a guy walks into a bar one day and he can’t believe his eyes. There, in the corner, there’s this one-foot-tall man, in a little tuxedo, playing a tiny grand piano.So the guy asks the bartender, “Where’d he come from?”And the bartender’s, like, “There’s a genie in the men’s room who grants wishes.”So the guy runs into the men’s room and, sure enough, there’s this genie. And the genie’s, like, “Your wish is my command.” So the guy’s, like, “O.K., I wish for world peace.” And there’s this big cloud of smoke—and then the room fills up with geese.So the guy walks out of the men’s room and he’s, like, “Hey, bartender, I think your genie might be hard of hearing.”And the bartender’s, like, “No kidding. You think I wished for a twelve-inch pianist?”So the guy processes this. And he’s, like, “Does that mean you wished for a twelve-inch penis?”And the bartender’s, like, “Yeah. Why, what did you wish for?”And the guy’s, like, “World peace.”So the bartender is understandably ashamed.And the guy orders a beer, like everything is normal, but it’s obvious that something has changed between him and the bartender.And the bartender’s, like, “I feel like I should explain myself further.”And the guy’s, like, “You don’t have to.”But the bartender continues, in a hushed tone. And he’s, like, “I have what’s known as penile dysmorphic disorder. Basically, what that means is I fixate on my size. It’s not that I’m small down there. I’m actually within the normal range. Whenever I see it, though, I feel inadequate.”And the guy feels sorry for him. So he’s, like, “Where do you think that comes from?”And the bartender’s, like, “I don’t know. My dad and I had a tense relationship. He used to cheat on my mom, and I knew it was going on, but I didn’t tell her. I think it’s wrapped up in that somehow.”And the guy’s, like, “Have you ever seen anyone about this?”And the bartender’s, like, “Oh, yeah, I started seeing a therapist four years ago. But she says we’ve barely scratched the surface.”So, at around this point, the twelve-inch pianist finishes up his sonata. And he walks over to the bar and climbs onto one of the stools. And he’s, like, “Listen, I couldn’t help but overhear the end of your conversation. I never told anyone this before, but my dad and I didn’t speak the last ten years of his life.”And the bartender’s, like, “Tell me more about that.” And he pours the pianist a tiny glass of whiskey.And the twelve-inch pianist is, like, “He was a total monster. Beat us all. Told me once I was an accident.”And the bartender’s, like, “That’s horrible.”And the twelve-inch pianist shrugs. And he’s, like, “You know what? I’m over it. He always said I wouldn’t amount to anything, because of my height? Well, now look at me. I’m a professional musician!”And the pianist starts to laugh, but it’s a forced kind of laughter, and you can see the pain behind it. And then he’s, like, “When he was in the hospital, he had one of the nurses call me. I was going to go see him. Bought a plane ticket and everything. But before I could make it back to Tampa . . .”And then he starts to cry. And he’s, like, “I just wish I’d had a chance to say goodbye to my old man.”And all of a sudden there’s this big cloud of smoke—and a beat-up Plymouth Voyager appears!And the pianist is, like, “I said ‘old man,’ not ‘old van’!”And everybody laughs. And the pianist is, like, “Your genie’s hard of hearing.”And the bartender says, “No kidding. You think I wished for a twelve-inch pianist?”And as soon as the words leave his lips he regrets them. Because the pianist is, like, “Oh, my God. You didn’t really want me.”And the bartender’s, like, “No, it’s not like that.” You know, trying to backpedal.And the pianist smiles ruefully and says, “Once an accident, always an accident.” And he drinks all of his whiskey.And the bartender’s, like, “Brian, I’m sorry. I didn’t mean that.”And the pianist smashes his whiskey glass against the wall and says, “Well, I didn’t mean that.”And the bartender’s, like, “Whoa, calm down.”And the pianist is, like, “Fuck you!” And he’s really drunk, because he’s only one foot tall and so his tolerance for alcohol is extremely low. And he’s, like, “Fuck you, asshole! Fuck you!”And he starts throwing punches, but he’s too small to do any real damage, and eventually he just collapses in the bartender’s arms.And suddenly he has this revelation. And he’s, like, “My God, I’m just like him. I’m just like him.” And he starts weeping.And the bartender’s, like, “No, you’re not. You’re better than he was.”And the pianist is, like, “That’s not true. I’m worthless!”And the bartender grabs the pianist by the shoulders and says, “Damn it, Brian, listen to me! My life was hell before you entered it. Now I look forward to every day. You’re so talented and kind and you light up this whole bar. Hell, you light up my whole life. If I had a second wish, you know what it would be? It would be for you to realize how beautiful you are.”And the bartender kisses the pianist on the lips.So the guy, who’s been watching all this, is surprised, because he didn’t know the bartender was gay. It doesn’t bother him; it just catches him off guard, you know? So he goes to the bathroom, to give them a little privacy. And there’s the genie.So the guy’s, like, “Hey, genie, you need to get your ears fixed.”And the genie’s, like, “Who says they’re broken?” And he opens the door, revealing the happy couple, who are kissing and gaining strength from each other.And the guy’s, like, “Well done.”And then the genie says, “That bartender’s tiny penis is going to seem huge from the perspective of his one-foot-tall boyfriend.”And the graphic nature of the comment kind of kills the moment.And the genie’s, like, “I’m sorry. I should’ve left that part unsaid. I always do that. I take things too far.”And the guy’s, like, “Don’t worry about it. Let’s just grab a beer. It’s on me.”
A guy walks into a bar http://www.newyorker.com/magazine/2013/11/18/guy-walks-into-a-barSo a guy walks into a bar one day and he can’t believe his eyes. There, in the corner, there’s this one-foot-tall man, in a little tuxedo, playing a tiny grand piano.So the guy asks the bartender, “Where’d he come from?”And the bartender’s, like, “There’s a genie in the men’s room who grants wishes.”So the guy runs into the men’s room and, sure enough, there’s this genie. And the genie’s, like, “Your wish is my command.” So the guy’s, like, “O.K., I wish for world peace.” And there’s this big cloud of smoke—and then the room fills up with geese.So the guy walks out of the men’s room and he’s, like, “Hey, bartender, I think your genie might be hard of hearing.”And the bartender’s, like, “No kidding. You think I wished for a twelve-inch pianist?”So the guy processes this. And he’s, like, “Does that mean you wished for a twelve-inch penis?”And the bartender’s, like, “Yeah. Why, what did you wish for?”And the guy’s, like, “World peace.”So the bartender is understandably ashamed.And the guy orders a beer, like everything is normal, but it’s obvious that something has changed between him and the bartender.And the bartender’s, like, “I feel like I should explain myself further.”And the guy’s, like, “You don’t have to.”But the bartender continues, in a hushed tone. And he’s, like, “I have what’s known as penile dysmorphic disorder. Basically, what that means is I fixate on my size. It’s not that I’m small down there. I’m actually within the normal range. Whenever I see it, though, I feel inadequate.”And the guy feels sorry for him. So he’s, like, “Where do you think that comes from?”And the bartender’s, like, “I don’t know. My dad and I had a tense relationship. He used to cheat on my mom, and I knew it was going on, but I didn’t tell her. I think it’s wrapped up in that somehow.”And the guy’s, like, “Have you ever seen anyone about this?”And the bartender’s, like, “Oh, yeah, I started seeing a therapist four years ago. But she says we’ve barely scratched the surface.”So, at around this point, the twelve-inch pianist finishes up his sonata. And he walks over to the bar and climbs onto one of the stools. And he’s, like, “Listen, I couldn’t help but overhear the end of your conversation. I never told anyone this before, but my dad and I didn’t speak the last ten years of his life.”And the bartender’s, like, “Tell me more about that.” And he pours the pianist a tiny glass of whiskey.And the twelve-inch pianist is, like, “He was a total monster. Beat us all. Told me once I was an accident.”And the bartender’s, like, “That’s horrible.”And the twelve-inch pianist shrugs. And he’s, like, “You know what? I’m over it. He always said I wouldn’t amount to anything, because of my height? Well, now look at me. I’m a professional musician!”And the pianist starts to laugh, but it’s a forced kind of laughter, and you can see the pain behind it. And then he’s, like, “When he was in the hospital, he had one of the nurses call me. I was going to go see him. Bought a plane ticket and everything. But before I could make it back to Tampa . . .”And then he starts to cry. And he’s, like, “I just wish I’d had a chance to say goodbye to my old man.”And all of a sudden there’s this big cloud of smoke—and a beat-up Plymouth Voyager appears!And the pianist is, like, “I said ‘old man,’ not ‘old van’!”And everybody laughs. And the pianist is, like, “Your genie’s hard of hearing.”And the bartender says, “No kidding. You think I wished for a twelve-inch pianist?”And as soon as the words leave his lips he regrets them. Because the pianist is, like, “Oh, my God. You didn’t really want me.”And the bartender’s, like, “No, it’s not like that.” You know, trying to backpedal.And the pianist smiles ruefully and says, “Once an accident, always an accident.” And he drinks all of his whiskey.And the bartender’s, like, “Brian, I’m sorry. I didn’t mean that.”And the pianist smashes his whiskey glass against the wall and says, “Well, I didn’t mean that.”And the bartender’s, like, “Whoa, calm down.”And the pianist is, like, “Fuck you!” And he’s really drunk, because he’s only one foot tall and so his tolerance for alcohol is extremely low. And he’s, like, “Fuck you, asshole! Fuck you!”And he starts throwing punches, but he’s too small to do any real damage, and eventually he just collapses in the bartender’s arms.And suddenly he has this revelation. And he’s, like, “My God, I’m just like him. I’m just like him.” And he starts weeping.And the bartender’s, like, “No, you’re not. You’re better than he was.”And the pianist is, like, “That’s not true. I’m worthless!”And the bartender grabs the pianist by the shoulders and says, “Damn it, Brian, listen to me! My life was hell before you entered it. Now I look forward to every day. You’re so talented and kind and you light up this whole bar. Hell, you light up my whole life. If I had a second wish, you know what it would be? It would be for you to realize how beautiful you are.”And the bartender kisses the pianist on the lips.So the guy, who’s been watching all this, is surprised, because he didn’t know the bartender was gay. It doesn’t bother him; it just catches him off guard, you know? So he goes to the bathroom, to give them a little privacy. And there’s the genie.So the guy’s, like, “Hey, genie, you need to get your ears fixed.”And the genie’s, like, “Who says they’re broken?” And he opens the door, revealing the happy couple, who are kissing and gaining strength from each other.And the guy’s, like, “Well done.”And then the genie says, “That bartender’s tiny penis is going to seem huge from the perspective of his one-foot-tall boyfriend.”And the graphic nature of the comment kind of kills the moment.And the genie’s, like, “I’m sorry. I should’ve left that part unsaid. I always do that. I take things too far.”And the guy’s, like, “Don’t worry about it. Let’s just grab a beer. It’s on me.” 
A guy walks into a bar (From the New Yorker) [Link to original](http://www.newyorker.com/magazine/2013/11/18/guy-walks-into-a-bar)So a guy walks into a bar one day and he can’t believe his eyes. There, in the corner, there’s this one-foot-tall man, in a little tuxedo, playing a tiny grand piano.So the guy asks the bartender, “Where’d he come from?”And the bartender’s, like, “There’s a genie in the men’s room who grants wishes.”So the guy runs into the men’s room and, sure enough, there’s this genie. And the genie’s, like, “Your wish is my command.” So the guy’s, like, “O.K., I wish for world peace.” And there’s this big cloud of smoke—and then the room fills up with geese.So the guy walks out of the men’s room and he’s, like, “Hey, bartender, I think your genie might be hard of hearing.”And the bartender’s, like, “No kidding. You think I wished for a twelve-inch pianist?”So the guy processes this. And he’s, like, “Does that mean you wished for a twelve-inch penis?”And the bartender’s, like, “Yeah. Why, what did you wish for?”And the guy’s, like, “World peace.”So the bartender is understandably ashamed.And the guy orders a beer, like everything is normal, but it’s obvious that something has changed between him and the bartender.And the bartender’s, like, “I feel like I should explain myself further.”And the guy’s, like, “You don’t have to.”But the bartender continues, in a hushed tone. And he’s, like, “I have what’s known as penile dysmorphic disorder. Basically, what that means is I fixate on my size. It’s not that I’m small down there. I’m actually within the normal range. Whenever I see it, though, I feel inadequate.”And the guy feels sorry for him. So he’s, like, “Where do you think that comes from?”And the bartender’s, like, “I don’t know. My dad and I had a tense relationship. He used to cheat on my mom, and I knew it was going on, but I didn’t tell her. I think it’s wrapped up in that somehow.”And the guy’s, like, “Have you ever seen anyone about this?”And the bartender’s, like, “Oh, yeah, I started seeing a therapist four years ago. But she says we’ve barely scratched the surface.”So, at around this point, the twelve-inch pianist finishes up his sonata. And he walks over to the bar and climbs onto one of the stools. And he’s, like, “Listen, I couldn’t help but overhear the end of your conversation. I never told anyone this before, but my dad and I didn’t speak the last ten years of his life.”And the bartender’s, like, “Tell me more about that.” And he pours the pianist a tiny glass of whiskey.And the twelve-inch pianist is, like, “He was a total monster. Beat us all. Told me once I was an accident.”And the bartender’s, like, “That’s horrible.”And the twelve-inch pianist shrugs. And he’s, like, “You know what? I’m over it. He always said I wouldn’t amount to anything, because of my height? Well, now look at me. I’m a professional musician!”And the pianist starts to laugh, but it’s a forced kind of laughter, and you can see the pain behind it. And then he’s, like, “When he was in the hospital, he had one of the nurses call me. I was going to go see him. Bought a plane ticket and everything. But before I could make it back to Tampa . . .”And then he starts to cry. And he’s, like, “I just wish I’d had a chance to say goodbye to my old man.”And all of a sudden there’s this big cloud of smoke—and a beat-up Plymouth Voyager appears!And the pianist is, like, “I said ‘old man,’ not ‘old van’!”And everybody laughs. And the pianist is, like, “Your genie’s hard of hearing.”And the bartender says, “No kidding. You think I wished for a twelve-inch pianist?”And as soon as the words leave his lips he regrets them. Because the pianist is, like, “Oh, my God. You didn’t really want me.”And the bartender’s, like, “No, it’s not like that.” You know, trying to backpedal.And the pianist smiles ruefully and says, “Once an accident, always an accident.” And he drinks all of his whiskey.And the bartender’s, like, “Brian, I’m sorry. I didn’t mean that.”And the pianist smashes his whiskey glass against the wall and says, “Well, I didn’t mean that.”And the bartender’s, like, “Whoa, calm down.”And the pianist is, like, “Fuck you!” And he’s really drunk, because he’s only one foot tall and so his tolerance for alcohol is extremely low. And he’s, like, “Fuck you, asshole! Fuck you!”And he starts throwing punches, but he’s too small to do any real damage, and eventually he just collapses in the bartender’s arms.And suddenly he has this revelation. And he’s, like, “My God, I’m just like him. I’m just like him.” And he starts weeping.And the bartender’s, like, “No, you’re not. You’re better than he was.”And the pianist is, like, “That’s not true. I’m worthless!”And the bartender grabs the pianist by the shoulders and says, “Damn it, Brian, listen to me! My life was hell before you entered it. Now I look forward to every day. You’re so talented and kind and you light up this whole bar. Hell, you light up my whole life. If I had a second wish, you know what it would be? It would be for you to realize how beautiful you are.”And the bartender kisses the pianist on the lips.So the guy, who’s been watching all this, is surprised, because he didn’t know the bartender was gay. It doesn’t bother him; it just catches him off guard, you know? So he goes to the bathroom, to give them a little privacy. And there’s the genie.So the guy’s, like, “Hey, genie, you need to get your ears fixed.”And the genie’s, like, “Who says they’re broken?” And he opens the door, revealing the happy couple, who are kissing and gaining strength from each other.And the guy’s, like, “Well done.”And then the genie says, “That bartender’s tiny penis is going to seem huge from the perspective of his one-foot-tall boyfriend.”And the graphic nature of the comment kind of kills the moment.And the genie’s, like, “I’m sorry. I should’ve left that part unsaid. I always do that. I take things too far.”And the guy’s, like, “Don’t worry about it. Let’s just grab a beer. It’s on me.”
Duck walks into a bar A duck walks into a bar, goes up to the barman and says "Got any bread?"Barman replies, "No sorry, we don't sell bread, andything else I can get you?"The Duck looks around, looks back at the barman and says... "Got any bread?"Barman replies, "Sorry, no, no bread."Duck looks at him and asks, "Got any bread?"Barman replies, "No, no bread"Ducks asks, "Got any bread?"Barman relies, "No, we do not have any bread!"Duck: "Got any bread?"Barman - getting annoyed replies, "no, no bread!!"Duck: "Got any bread?"Barman - getting more annoyed - "No!"Duck: "Got any bread?"Barman - "No, stop it! - No bread!!"Duck: "Got any bread?"Barman - getting Angry now - "No, we have no bread!!"Duck: "Got any bread?"Barman now furious says, "Look, if you ask me one more time for bread, I'll....I'll... nail your beak to the bar!!!!"At this the duck stops, looks around, goes back to the barman and asks, "Got any nails?"The barman looking confused says, "No"to which the duck replies...."Got any bread?"
A guy walks into a bar, sits down and asks the barman for a drink that tastes like rum and coke. The barman turns around and hands him an apple. "What the fuck is this?" the man asks, to which the barman replies "Just try it". The man takes a bite, saying, "Oh my, that tastes like rum". The barman tells him to turn it around. He takes a bite and exclaims, "Wow that tastes like coke."Another man walks in and sits down. He says to the barman, "Give me a drink that tastes like gin and tonic. Barman gives him an apple and gets the same reaction as the first guy. Once again, "Just try it", he says.Guy takes a bite, declaring, "that tastes like gin". The barman tells him to turn it around. He takes a bite and says "Holy crap, that tastes like tonic!"So a third man walks into the bar, takes a seat and says, "Barman, give me a drink that tastes like pussy". Barman plonks down an apple in front of him, at which he immediately states his confusion. He looks to the two satisfied customers chomping on their apples beside him. "Just try it", they chorus together. So the man lifts the apple, takes a bite, then immediately spits it out, yelling at the barman, "That tastes like shit!" A wry smile on his face, the barman says, "Turn it around."
A man walks into a bar So a guy walks into a bar one day and he can’t believe his eyes. There, in the corner, there’s this one-foot-tall man, in a little tuxedo, playing a tiny grand piano.So the guy asks the bartender, “Where’d he come from?”And the bartender’s, like, “There’s a genie in the men’s room who grants wishes.”So the guy runs into the men’s room and, sure enough, there’s this genie. And the genie’s, like, “Your wish is my command.” So the guy’s, like, “O.K., I wish for world peace.” And there’s this big cloud of smoke—and then the room fills up with geese.So the guy walks out of the men’s room and he’s, like, “Hey, bartender, I think your genie might be hard of hearing.”And the bartender’s, like, “No kidding. You think I wished for a twelve-inch pianist?”So the guy processes this. And he’s, like, “Does that mean you wished for a twelve-inch penis?”And the bartender’s, like, “Yeah. Why, what did you wish for?”And the guy’s, like, “World peace.”So the bartender is understandably ashamed.And the guy orders a beer, like everything is normal, but it’s obvious that something has changed between him and the bartender.And the bartender’s, like, “I feel like I should explain myself further.”And the guy’s, like, “You don’t have to.”But the bartender continues, in a hushed tone. And he’s, like, “I have what’s known as penile dysmorphic disorder. Basically, what that means is I fixate on my size. It’s not that I’m small down there. I’m actually within the normal range. Whenever I see it, though, I feel inadequate.”And the guy feels sorry for him. So he’s, like, “Where do you think that comes from?”And the bartender’s, like, “I don’t know. My dad and I had a tense relationship. He used to cheat on my mom, and I knew it was going on, but I didn’t tell her. I think it’s wrapped up in that somehow.”And the guy’s, like, “Have you ever seen anyone about this?”And the bartender’s, like, “Oh, yeah, I started seeing a therapist four years ago. But she says we’ve barely scratched the surface.”So, at around this point, the twelve-inch pianist finishes up his sonata. And he walks over to the bar and climbs onto one of the stools. And he’s, like, “Listen, I couldn’t help but overhear the end of your conversation. I never told anyone this before, but my dad and I didn’t speak the last ten years of his life.”And the bartender’s, like, “Tell me more about that.” And he pours the pianist a tiny glass of whiskey.And the twelve-inch pianist is, like, “He was a total monster. Beat us all. Told me once I was an accident.”And the bartender’s, like, “That’s horrible.”And the twelve-inch pianist shrugs. And he’s, like, “You know what? I’m over it. He always said I wouldn’t amount to anything, because of my height? Well, now look at me. I’m a professional musician!”And the pianist starts to laugh, but it’s a forced kind of laughter, and you can see the pain behind it. And then he’s, like, “When he was in the hospital, he had one of the nurses call me. I was going to go see him. Bought a plane ticket and everything. But before I could make it back to Tampa . . .”And then he starts to cry. And he’s, like, “I just wish I’d had a chance to say goodbye to my old man.”And all of a sudden there’s this big cloud of smoke—and a beat-up Plymouth Voyager appears!And the pianist is, like, “I said ‘old man,’ not ‘old van’!”And everybody laughs. And the pianist is, like, “Your genie’s hard of hearing.”And the bartender says, “No kidding. You think I wished for a twelve-inch pianist?”And as soon as the words leave his lips he regrets them. Because the pianist is, like, “Oh, my God. You didn’t really want me.”And the bartender’s, like, “No, it’s not like that.” You know, trying to backpedal.And the pianist smiles ruefully and says, “Once an accident, always an accident.” And he drinks all of his whiskey.And the bartender’s, like, “Brian, I’m sorry. I didn’t mean that.”And the pianist smashes his whiskey glass against the wall and says, “Well, I didn’t mean that.”And the bartender’s, like, “Whoa, calm down.”And the pianist is, like, “Fuck you!” And he’s really drunk, because he’s only one foot tall and so his tolerance for alcohol is extremely low. And he’s, like, “Fuck you, asshole! Fuck you!”And he starts throwing punches, but he’s too small to do any real damage, and eventually he just collapses in the bartender’s arms.And suddenly he has this revelation. And he’s, like, “My God, I’m just like him. I’m just like him.” And he starts weeping.And the bartender’s, like, “No, you’re not. You’re better than he was.”And the pianist is, like, “That’s not true. I’m worthless!”And the bartender grabs the pianist by the shoulders and says, “Damn it, Brian, listen to me! My life was hell before you entered it. Now I look forward to every day. You’re so talented and kind and you light up this whole bar. Hell, you light up my whole life. If I had a second wish, you know what it would be? It would be for you to realize how beautiful you are.”And the bartender kisses the pianist on the lips.So the guy, who’s been watching all this, is surprised, because he didn’t know the bartender was gay. It doesn’t bother him; it just catches him off guard, you know? So he goes to the bathroom, to give them a little privacy. And there’s the genie.So the guy’s, like, “Hey, genie, you need to get your ears fixed.”And the genie’s, like, “Who says they’re broken?” And he opens the door, revealing the happy couple, who are kissing and gaining strength from each other.And the guy’s, like, “Well done.”And then the genie says, “That bartender’s tiny penis is going to seem huge from the perspective of his one-foot-tall boyfriend.”And the graphic nature of the comment kind of kills the moment.And the genie’s, like, “I’m sorry. I should’ve left that part unsaid. I always do that. I take things too far.”And the guy’s, like, “Don’t worry about it. Let’s just grab a beer. It’s on me.” -Simon Richhttp://www.newyorker.com/magazine/2013/11/18/guy-walks-into-a-bar
"Guy Walks Into a Bar" by (youngest ever) SNL writer Simon Rich **A bit of a long read, but it's absolutely hilarious. I copied this from The New Yorker website since the archives are open for the next little bit. I read this in a bookstore having never read The New Yorker and was in total hysterics alone in the store.**So a guy walks into a bar one day and he can’t believe his eyes. There, in the corner, there’s this one-foot-tall man, in a little tuxedo, playing a tiny grand piano.So the guy asks the bartender, “Where’d he come from?”And the bartender’s, like, “There’s a genie in the men’s room who grants wishes.”So the guy runs into the men’s room and, sure enough, there’s this genie. And the genie’s, like, “Your wish is my command.” So the guy’s, like, “O.K., I wish for world peace.” And there’s this big cloud of smoke—and then the room fills up with geese.So the guy walks out of the men’s room and he’s, like, “Hey, bartender, I think your genie might be hard of hearing.”And the bartender’s, like, “No kidding. You think I wished for a twelve-inch pianist?”So the guy processes this. And he’s, like, “Does that mean you wished for a twelve-inch penis?”And the bartender’s, like, “Yeah. Why, what did you wish for?”And the guy’s, like, “World peace.”So the bartender is understandably ashamed.And the guy orders a beer, like everything is normal, but it’s obvious that something has changed between him and the bartender.And the bartender’s, like, “I feel like I should explain myself further.”And the guy’s, like, “You don’t have to.”But the bartender continues, in a hushed tone. And he’s, like, “I have what’s known as penile dysmorphic disorder. Basically, what that means is I fixate on my size. It’s not that I’m small down there. I’m actually within the normal range. Whenever I see it, though, I feel inadequate.”And the guy feels sorry for him. So he’s, like, “Where do you think that comes from?”And the bartender’s, like, “I don’t know. My dad and I had a tense relationship. He used to cheat on my mom, and I knew it was going on, but I didn’t tell her. I think it’s wrapped up in that somehow.”And the guy’s, like, “Have you ever seen anyone about this?”And the bartender’s, like, “Oh, yeah, I started seeing a therapist four years ago. But she says we’ve barely scratched the surface.”So, at around this point, the twelve-inch pianist finishes up his sonata. And he walks over to the bar and climbs onto one of the stools. And he’s, like, “Listen, I couldn’t help but overhear the end of your conversation. I never told anyone this before, but my dad and I didn’t speak the last ten years of his life.”And the bartender’s, like, “Tell me more about that.” And he pours the pianist a tiny glass of whiskey.And the twelve-inch pianist is, like, “He was a total monster. Beat us all. Told me once I was an accident.”And the bartender’s, like, “That’s horrible.”And the twelve-inch pianist shrugs. And he’s, like, “You know what? I’m over it. He always said I wouldn’t amount to anything, because of my height? Well, now look at me. I’m a professional musician!”And the pianist starts to laugh, but it’s a forced kind of laughter, and you can see the pain behind it. And then he’s, like, “When he was in the hospital, he had one of the nurses call me. I was going to go see him. Bought a plane ticket and everything. But before I could make it back to Tampa . . .”And then he starts to cry. And he’s, like, “I just wish I’d had a chance to say goodbye to my old man.”And all of a sudden there’s this big cloud of smoke—and a beat-up Plymouth Voyager appears!And the pianist is, like, “I said ‘old man,’ not ‘old van’!”And everybody laughs. And the pianist is, like, “Your genie’s hard of hearing.”And the bartender says, “No kidding. You think I wished for a twelve-inch pianist?”And as soon as the words leave his lips he regrets them. Because the pianist is, like, “Oh, my God. You didn’t really want me.”And the bartender’s, like, “No, it’s not like that.” You know, trying to backpedal.And the pianist smiles ruefully and says, “Once an accident, always an accident.” And he drinks all of his whiskey.And the bartender’s, like, “Brian, I’m sorry. I didn’t mean that.”And the pianist smashes his whiskey glass against the wall and says, “Well, I didn’t mean that.”And the bartender’s, like, “Whoa, calm down.”And the pianist is, like, “Fuck you!” And he’s really drunk, because he’s only one foot tall and so his tolerance for alcohol is extremely low. And he’s, like, “Fuck you, asshole! Fuck you!”And he starts throwing punches, but he’s too small to do any real damage, and eventually he just collapses in the bartender’s arms.And suddenly he has this revelation. And he’s, like, “My God, I’m just like him. I’m just like him.” And he starts weeping.And the bartender’s, like, “No, you’re not. You’re better than he was.”And the pianist is, like, “That’s not true. I’m worthless!”And the bartender grabs the pianist by the shoulders and says, “Damn it, Brian, listen to me! My life was hell before you entered it. Now I look forward to every day. You’re so talented and kind and you light up this whole bar. Hell, you light up my whole life. If I had a second wish, you know what it would be? It would be for you to realize how beautiful you are.”And the bartender kisses the pianist on the lips.So the guy, who’s been watching all this, is surprised, because he didn’t know the bartender was gay. It doesn’t bother him; it just catches him off guard, you know? So he goes to the bathroom, to give them a little privacy. And there’s the genie.So the guy’s, like, “Hey, genie, you need to get your ears fixed.”And the genie’s, like, “Who says they’re broken?” And he opens the door, revealing the happy couple, who are kissing and gaining strength from each other.And the guy’s, like, “Well done.”And then the genie says, “That bartender’s tiny penis is going to seem huge from the perspective of his one-foot-tall boyfriend.”And the graphic nature of the comment kind of kills the moment.And the genie’s, like, “I’m sorry. I should’ve left that part unsaid. I always do that. I take things too far.”And the guy’s, like, “Don’t worry about it. Let’s just grab a beer. It’s on me.” 
A woman walks into a bar and orders a double entendre And the bartender gives it to her. 
A tourist walks into a bar in Scotland He sits down and orders a beer and starts talking with a rather sad looking Scotsman sitting next to him, named Duncan."Look around the bar," he says, "I built this bar with my own hands. It took me three whole years to build this bar, I poured my sweat into it , but does anyone call me Duncan the bar builder? No they don't."He took a long drink from his beer and continued, "Look around the bar at all the heads mounted on the wall. I've hunted game on 3 continents, I've killed everything from deer , to bears, even an elephant, but does anyone call me Duncan the hunter? Not one damn time. "He stood up and walked to the window , "Look out there, my farm stretches as far as you can see, I've got crops and livestock , the finest in all of Scotland , but no one calls me Duncan the farmer, no. "Finally, he looks back at the tourist, sighs, and finishes, "but you fuck just ONE goat..."
a guy walks into a bar..ouch*
A pirate walks into a bar with a parrot on his shoulder and steering wheel in his pants. He walks up to the bartender and the bartender says, "Hey, you know you've got a steering wheel in your pants, right?" The pirate replies, "Yar, it's driving me nuts!"
So a guy walks into a bar with a gun. Angry he snarled, "Aight, who the hell boned my wife and mom?"The bartender shook his head and smiled, "You don't have enough bullets bud."
Helium walks into a bar and the barman says 'sorry we don't serve noble gasses in here'.However Helium doesn't react.
A man walks into a bar and sees a giant jar of money on the counter. He asks the bartender, "Hey barkeep. What's up with the jar of money?" The bartender replies, "Well you see, I've got this horse in the back. And ever since I bought it the damn thing has been so depressed I can't get it to do anything! It won't eat, it won't sleep, I'm clueless! The jar of money is for whoever can cheer up the damn horse!" The man says, "gimme a try." He walks back into the stable and within seconds he returns. The bartender checks on the horse and it can't stop laughing! It's neighing and bouncing around and completely cheered up. The bartender says "Alright man, you earned it. The jar is yours."A week later the same man returns to find another jar of money. He asks, "What's up barkeep? Is your horse down in the dumps again?" The bartender looks up and replies rather aggressively, "No, actually ever since you left I can't get the damn thing to shut up! I can't sleep at night, it's driving me mad! This time the jar is for whoever can shut it the hell up!" The man says "let me give it another go" and heads to the back. Just like last time, he returns seconds later. The bartender checks on the horse and it's just standing there silently. Completely stoic. Not making any indications it's even alive. The man says, "Alright bub, I'll give you the money, but you have to tell me just how you did it." The man laughingly replies, "Well. To get the horse to start laughing I told it I have a bigger dick than he does. To get the horse to stop laughing... I proved it."
A pirate walks into a bar And sits down orders a drink without anybody making a pun about his nuts.
Hydrogen walks into a bar and yells "Oh no! I've lost my electron!"The bartender says, "Are you sure?""I'm positive!"
A man walks into a bar and says "ouch" 
An elderly man walks into a bar He hears the other patrons discussing marriage. "My wife and I will celebrate our 50th anniversary next week," he proudly tells them. "That's wonderful," one of the others says, "What's your secret for a long and happy marriaige?" "Well, you've got to do nice things for her," he explains. "Such as what?" the others ask. "Well, for example for our 25th anniversary I took her to Ireland." "That is nice," they others agree. "What are you doing for your 50th?" "Going back to visit her."
A pirate walks into a bar with a steering wheel on his belt The bartender asks:"What the hell is a steering wheel doing there?"the pirate replies:"Arr, it's been driving me nuts"
Babe Ruth Walks Into a Bar Bartender says "Why the Long Balls?
A bear walks into a bar. He says, "I'll have a gin... ... ... ... and tonic." The bartender says, "Sure, but what about the big pause?" The bear says, "I was born with them." 
A man walks into a bar ... He ended up with three stiches on his nose.
Kitty Pryde walks into a bar Something is disrupting her mutant power.
A man walks into a bar. and sees that the bars special drink is called the F5.So the guy walks up to the bartender and asks about why the drink is called the F5. The bartender responds,"Oh that's because it's so refreshing"  
Guy walks into a bar.. (long joke) And asks for a drink. He notices a jar full of money and asks the bartender if he gets a lot of tips. Bartender explains that it's part of an ongoing bet. The man asks what he must do to win the money. The  bartender states that the man must climb the oak tree behind the bar and grab a leaf from the very top, pull an abscessed tooth from a pit bull, and bang a 50 year old virgin. The man refuses.After many drinks, the man finally accepts the bet. He climbs the tree with ease and brings the bartender a leaf. The man then stumbles to the back room where the dog is sleeping.  After a lot of commotion, screaming, and yelping, the man returns. He says, "Now where's the lady with the abscessed tooth?"
A defensive Welshman with a tiny goat walks into a bar The bartender starts laughing and inquires, "What are you doing with that goat in here?   And do you realize your girlfriend is a little undersized? "The Welshman,  feeling somewhat unnerved replies "it's not the size of the goat,  but the motion of the ocean. "
A skeleton walks into a bar and says, "Give me a beer and a mop."
A zombie walks into a bar and asks for a shot. It was a 12 gauge. 
The end to The Breakfast Club joke: "A Naked lady walks into a bar" Found it [here](http://www.yelp.com/topic/garden-city-finished-benders-joke-in-the-breakfast-club)>A naked lady walks into a bar carrying a poodle in one hand and a three foot salami in the other...>>Bartender says "well I guess you won't be needing a drink"...>>Naked lady says "I got these for my husband"  >>Bartender says "GOOD TRADE !"
A homeless guy walks into a bar with an enormous smile on his face. The bartender says, "Wow you look happy today, what's the deal?" The homeless guy says, "Well, I've just had the most incredible day! This morning, I was walking along the train tracks when I saw something up ahead. I walked up to see what it was, and there was a woman tied to the tracks. So I untied her, took her back to my tent under the bridge, and we've just been having sex all day! This has seriously been the best day of my life!" The bartender looks at him with an astonished face and says, "Wow, that is amazing! Is she hot?" The homeless guy replies, "Well I don't know, I never found her head." 
A Man With No Legs Walks Into A Bar 
A girl walks into a bar and says, "I'll have a double entendre." So the bartender gives her Triple Secs.
A horse walks into a bar The bartender, fearing that the horse may start to panic and cause damage to the bar, promptly escorts it outside before calling animal control to notify them of the situation.
A lion walks into a bar ...and sits down for a drink. He is followed in by an obnoxious woman who begins causing a scene in the bar. She begins knocking people's drinks out of their hands, cussing at people, and starting fights. The lion sees this and is annoyed, and in a few bites he eats the woman. Everyone cheers and the lion continues to drink at the bar.He tells the bartender, "man, I sure do feel tired now...I have no idea what could be causing this! I'm exhausted and have barely had anything to drink..."  The bartender promptly replies, "well, it must have been that barbiturate!"
A lawyer walks into a bar Mr. Jones, the lawyer, walked into a bar. The bartender poured him a drink, then noticed Mr. Jones had a black eye. “What happened to you?” asked the bartender. “You look like you’ve been in a fight.”“It’s been just an awful day at work, I tell you what.” said Mr. Jones. “I don’t even work in workplace discrimination -- that’s Mr. Baskett’s specialty. Everyone knows I do divorce proceedings. But here comes this lady into my office, ranting till her face is blue about some boss of hers can’t stop hiding under her desk to take a peek at her underwear. One day he’s sneaking photos in the bathroom, next day he’s leaving her love notes, the day after that he’s following her home.”“That’s nuts,” said the bartender. “She must have been really upset.”“She was!”“Did you tell her she was in the wrong office?”“I tried. Crazy bitch got me right in the eye, though. All I said was she seemed like a Baskett case.”
A man walks into a bar ...And he says "ow, that hurt"
A man walks into a bar ...And sees a jar full of $10 bills on the counter. "What's that for?" he asks the bartender. The guy behind the counter replies: "We have a contest going on, to take part you gotta drop $10 in the jar. You then drink a shot of tequila, and go outside in the back. There's a huge Rottweiler with a rotten tooth and you gotta remove it with pliers. Then on the third floor of the building, there's an 80-year old lady that lives there and she never had sex. Give her the night of her life. If you can do those three things, you earned all that's in the pot." The man ponders a bit, then says: "No, that's a bit too much for me. Give me some booze."A bit later in the night, after half a dozen beers, the man finds himself staring at the jar full of money. He hobbles over to the counter and slaps a 10$ note on it. "A'ight, gimme some tequila!" He gulps the contents of it in a shot and whacks the glass on the counter. "Where's that mutt?" he asks again. "Through the back door, take a left", the bartender replies. The man goes outside. For a good five to ten minutes, everyone in the bar can loudly hear the sound of a whining dog coming from the back. "ARF, ARF, YOW! ARF! ARF!" A long silence then surrounds the place, and the man waddles back in with a blank face. He then asks: "Now where's that old lady with a rotten tooth?"
A pirate walks into a bar  A pirate walks into a bar. He's got it all, a parrot on his shoulder, a pirate-y sword at his belt, an eye-patch, the whole works. And he is also carrying his boat's steering wheel in front of his private parts.The bartender shouts: "Oi, mate, you've got a steering wheel dangling in front of your willy!"The pirate replies: "Arrgh, it's driving me nuts!"(Sorry for the bad English, it's not my first language.)
A man walks into a bar ...and says "ouch"
A man briskly walks into a bar hurries over to the bartender and says:- I'd like a vodka shot, quickly.Barman pours him one and the man says:- Another one fast, before it starts.Barman pours another and the man says:- One more, chop chop..Barman says: What about the money?- Damn it started...
A Priest, A Pervert and A Pedophile Walks into a Bar 
A man walks into a bar ...and sits down. He starts a conversation with an old Scottish guy next to him. The old guy has obviously had a few. He says to the man: "You see that dock out there? Built it myself, hand crafted each piece, and it's the best dock in town! But do they call me "McGregor the dock builder"? No! And you see that bridge over there? I built that, took me two months, through rain, sleet and scoarching weather, but do they call me "McGregor the bridge builder"? No! And you see that pier over there, I built that, best pier in the county! But do they call me "McGregor the pier builder"? No!" The old guy looks around, and makes sure that nobody is listening, and leans to the man, and he says: "but you fuck one sheep..."
A grasshopper walks into a bar ...and the bartender says, "Hey - we've got a drink named after you."And the grasshopper says, "Oh?  An Irving?"
A guy walks into a bar A man walks into a bar and hears piano music. He looks at the piano and can't see anyone sitting there, so he walks over and discovers a foot-tall man standing on the piano bench playing the tune of Dixie-Girl. The man thought that this was strange so he goes over to the bartender and asks where the man came from."Here," says the bartender, handing the man a genie lamp, "rub this."So the man rubs the lamp and out comes this genie."What do you wish for?" asks the genie."A million bucks," the man states, quite sure of himself."Granted." And the genie claps his hands and disappeared back into the lamp.The man looks around, checks his wallet but can't find a million bucks anywhere. Just that moment, a million ducks fly through the bar. Astounded the man says: "Hey! I didn't ask for a million ducks!""Do you think that I asked for a 12 inch pianist?" replied the bartender.
A man walks into a bar. [Insert set-up here Reddit]. "I'm not a bartender; I'm a chicken-tender." There aren't enough "A man walks into a bar," jokes, but all I have are the beginning and the punchline. Let's tag team, and make a killer joke Reddit.
A man walks into a bar And the bar happened to be at crotch level and it hurt like a motherfucker
A man walks into a bar ...he approaches the barman and asks for a whiskey and coke."Take this apple.""I don't want an apple. I want a JD and coke.""Trust me, try the apple."The man takes a bite, and exclaims "Christ! This tastes like Jack Daniels!""Yup. Turn it around.""Wow!" He says after taking a bite from the other side of the apple, "This side tastes like coke!"Before the man can ask the barman to explain the apple's mysteries, another patron walks in."Vodka and tonic please mate""Here's an apple.""I don't want a fuckin' apple mate, I want a...""Trust me, try the man's apple. They're incredible!" Interrupts the first customer.He takes the apple and begrudgingly takes a large bite and starts spluttering; "Bloody hell this tastes like neat vodka!"Both the barman and the first customer yell "Turn it around!" in unison. The man obliges and exclaims "Wow! This tastes like tonic water. These apples are fantastic!"A third man saunter's up to the bar; "Pint of IPA please mate"."Hold on!" Says the second customer. "This guy has an apple in any flavour you want, it's incredible!""Any flavour?" Asks the third man."Any flavour you want sir." Say the barman."In that case, gimme an apple that tastes like pussy!""Um.. alright" says the barman as he hands him an apple.The man takes a bite and immediately spits everything onto the bar."EEErrrughcchh!!! This apple tastes like *shit!!*"**"TURN IT AROUND!!"**
A German walks into a bar after the World Cup. As he is ordering a beer, he notices an American sitting at the edge of the bar.After a tense pause, he says, "Hey American! How many world cups have you won?"The American calmly replies"Hey German. How many World Wars have you won?"
A man walks into a bar After a while of socializing, the man walks up, places a Pilsner glass on the end of the bar counter and says to the bartender: "I'll bet you $100 I can stand at the opposite end of the counter, take a leak, and get every single drop of piss into that glass without even grazing your counter."  The bartender chuckles in disbelief and, knowing he'll be $100 richer by the end of the night, agrees to the bet.The man proceeds to stand on the counter, drop his pants, and coat every inch of the bar counter with urine.  He then happily hikes up his trousers, steps down from the bar, and puts a crisp $100 bill into the wide-eyed bartender's hand.  "I don't understand," the bartender stammers "That's the dumbest way I've ever seen someone lose $100.  Why in the Hell would you make such a foolish bet?  "Smiling, the man turns around and points to a group of men at the back of the bar, all of whom are laughing hysterically.  "Because," the man says, "I bet those guys $200 you'd let me piss all over your bar."
A sandwich walks into a bar. Bartender says, "You gotta leave. We don't serve food here."
A white Russian walks into a bar The bartender says: we have a cocktail named after you.The Russian replies: do you have a cocktail named Vladimir?
A man walks into a bar and sees a sign behind the bartender....Ïf you can make my ass laugh, you win $100 bucks.The man asks the bartender the rules, and he says "Ït's simple..you just go into the backroom, and if you can make my donkey laugh, you win!"  30 seconds later, the donkey is laughing his ass off!  Collecting his $100 bucks, he orders a few drinks and leaves.  Next day, the man returns, and again makes the donkey laugh, and collects his money.  He comes back the 3rd day, and this time the sign has changed Ïf you can make my ass cry, win $500 bucks!  The man proceeds to the backroom, and makes the donkey cry quickly.  Before he can collect his money, the bartender insists that he tell him how he did it."Well, the first 2 times I told your ass that my dick was bigger than his, and the 3rd time I proved it."
A panda walks into a bar and orders a bowl of beer nuts from the bartender. After finishing his meal, the panda whips out an enormous .45 Magnum and lets off six rounds into the ceiling. !BANG BANG BANG BANG BANG BANG!As soon as the report of the last round had finished echoing around the bar, the panda rose from his stool. He looks around the bar, then hops onto all-fours and hobbles out of the building.The other patrons of the bar were paralyzed with fear, even after the assailant had left. Finally, breaking the silence, the bartender pulls out a dictionary, flips open to a page, and puts the book on the bar."Here," he says, and invites the others to come have a look._____pan-da, *noun* \ˈpan-də\:Eats chutes and leaves. 
Why did the nigger walks into a bar? Because the cell doors was still locked
A robot walks into a bar; says he needs to loosen up. So the bartender serves him a screwdriver.
A man walks into a bar and sits down.There is nobody else in the place except him and the bartender. He orders a drink and the bartender goes off to make it. While he is sitting there he hears a voice say " Nice shoes". The man looks around and finds nobody around. He shakes his head and continues to wait for his drink.Right away another voice says " Great shirt". Now the man gets up and gives a quick look around the bar. Still nobody around.As soon as he sits back down he hears another voice say "Love your hair"Now the guy is freaked out. The bartender comes back and places his drink down. The guy says " I have been hearing these voices. They were saying things like " Nice shoes, Great shirt and love your hair". I think I am losing my mind!The bartender gives a quick chuckle as he points to a full pale on the bar. He says " Its the peanuts! They are complimentary"
Horse walks into a bar Bartender "why the long face?"
Man walks into a bar mitzvah. There was no beer so he left lol
A Yankee walks into a bar in Alabama and orders a cosmopolitan The bartender looks at the man and says, "You're not from 'round here are ya?""No" replies the man, "I'm from New Hampshire." The bartender looks at him and says, "Well what do you do in New Hampshire?""I'm a taxidermist," says the man. The bartender looks bewildered, so the man explains, "I mount dead animals."The bartender stands back and hollers to the whole bar, "It's OK, boys! He's one of us!"
A Camel Walks Into A Bar A lady and her camel walk into a bar. When the lady goes over to the bar, she just lets the camel lay down. When she gets to the bar, the bartender says, "Ma'am, you cant leave that lien' their." The lady who owns the camel says "It's not a lion, it's a camel."
A man walks into a bar, looks at the bartender and says please fill in a punch line
A biker walks into a bar and tells the bartender that he has a blonde joke. The bartender says, "I'd be careful saying a blonde joke here. On your left is a blonde lady that does mixed martial arts, and on your right is a blonde female cop. Not to mention, there are 3 blonde lady bartenders including myself. Are you sure you still want to tell it?" The biker then replies, "Well, not anymore if I'm gonna have to explain it five times."
A man walks into a bar ... ouch
A Blonde Walks Into A Bar she says "OUCH".
A skeleton walks into a bar He says to the bartender, "give me a beer and a mop."
A blonde walks into a bar Ouch
So Hitler walks into a bar and he asks the bartender, "and I'm going to kill six million Jews and one clown." The bartender replies, "why are going to kill one clown?". Hitler said "See! nobody cares about the Jews!".
A man walks into a bar ... and he has the biggest smile in the world. As he sits down at the bar, the bartender can't help but be curious."Hey, what's that big smile all about?" the bartender asks."Oh," the man says "my dog's in the hospital, I just lost my job, and my mother-in-law just passed away.""I'm sorry to hear all that," the bartender says, "but you seem to be taking it quite well.""Not at all," says the man. "You see, my dog is in the hospital because she just had a large litter of puppies! I was a little worried at first, but now she and her pups are all in great health!""Great news!" the bartender says, "but I bet it's riding up a rather large bill. How will you pay for it without a job?""Rather easily," says the man. "I'm glad I got fired, because I hated my boss. And just yesterday, I bought a lottery ticket on a whim and won, so now I'll never have to work another day in my life!""Incredible!" says the bartender. "I suppose there's some good news about your mother-in-law as well, then?"Suddenly confused, the man asks "Didn't I already tell you about her?"
Man walks into a bar and orders 7 shots of jagermeister The bartender is taken aback, but looks him over and decides he's pretty much sober so he begins to pour the shots. As he's pouring he asks the man, "you celebrating something?"  The man replies, "yeah, my first blowjob."  The bartender smiles, "very nice. You know what? How about an eighth? It's on me".. The man shakes his head, "no thanks.. if 7 shots of jager won't get the taste out of my mouth, 8 won't either"
So a man walks into a bar And hurts his head.
So a man walks into a bar And sees an extraordinarily short man playing the piano. He ignores this, as he then spots a lamp on his usual barstool. He rubs it, and a genie comes out.The genie, with a commanding genie esque voice says that he will grant the man one wish. The man replies "Awesome! I want a million bucks".And so, one by one, a million ducks walk into the bar. The man, furious, exclaims "what the hell? is this genie deaf? I asked for a million bucks, not a million ducks"The man sitting in the barstool next to him turns around and says "do you really think I asked for a 12 inch pianist?"
A guy walks into a bar He orders 9 scotches, straight up.Bartender: "Wow, that's a a lot of scotch. You must be celebrating?"Guy: "Yes. My first blow job."Bartender: "Well then, the tenth one is me!"Guy: "If the first nine don't get the taste out of my mouth, ten won't either."
A black guy walks into a bar with a parrot on his shoulder and takes a stool. The bartender comes over and puts a cup of peanuts in front of the silent man, and goes to the other end of the bar to help another customer. While he's at the other end, he notices the black guy take a peanut out of the cup and toss it into the air. The parrot catches the peanut in his beak. A few moments later, the black guy grabs another peanut and tosses it even higher in the air, and the parrot snatches it in his beak again. The bartender watches in amazement from afar for a few minutes as they repeat the process. After a while the bartender decides to approach the black man. "Hey, that's a pretty neat trick there," the bartender says. "Say, where'd you get that thing anyway?"To which the parrot responds, "I found him in Africa. There's tons of them roaming everywhere."
so m'lady walks into a bar ouch.
A duck walks into a bar  and orders a pint of lager and a ham sandwich.The landlord looks at him and says, "But you're a duck"."I see your eyes are working", replies the duck."And you talk!" exclaims the landlord."I see your ears are working", says the duck, "Now can I just have my beer and my sandwich please?". "I'm working on the building site across the road, and I'm on my break. ", explains the duck.The landlord serves him and he drinks his beer, eats his sandwich and leaves.This continues for 2 weeks. Then one day the circus comes to town. The ringleader of the circus comes into the pub and the landlord says to him, "You're with the circus aren't you?, I know this duck that would be just brilliant in your circus, he talks, drinks beer and everything!"."Sounds marvellous", says the ringleader, "get him to give me a call".So the next day when the duck comes into the pub the landlord says, "Hey Mr. Duck, I reckon I can line you up with a top job, paying really good money!"."Yeah?", says the duck, "Sounds great, where is it?"."At the circus", says the landlord."The circus?", the duck enquires."That's right", replies the landlord."The circus? That place with the big tent? With all the animals? "That's right!", says the landlord.The duck looks confused, "What the fuck would they want with a plasterer?"
A man walks into a bar and approaches the barman, orders his drink and surveys the bar. In one corner he spots a beautiful blond haired 20-ish lady, grabs his drink and makes a beeline for her, as he approaches, he is stunned by her looks, large chest and great smile. He asks to sit at her table, she says "please do". He sits, so he strikes a conversation, he asks her for her name, "I'm Carmen" she says, "I changed my name to the things I like most in the world, fast Cars and sexy Men, so I changed it to Carmen". He smiles at her, she asks him his name, his reply, Beer Cunt.
A midget walks into a bar The bar was set too low.
A lady walks into a bar… She orders a drink and notices a frog in a cage behind the bar. She asks the bartender about it and the bartender says this frog performs oral sex on women. The woman has a few more drinks and her curiosity gets the best of her so she asks the bartender to have the frog go down on her. She gets up on the bar in the appropriate position and the bartender puts the frog there and tells it to do its thing. The frog just sits there. The bartender moves the frog to the side and says, "I'm only going to show you one more time!"
A Pirate Walks Into a Bar! A Pirate walks into a Bar and asks for a Whiskey. The bar tender says, "Sure OK, but first you have to tell me why you have a little man in your pants with a steering wheel!" The Pirate responds, " Rrrr! HE'S DRIVIN'  ME NUTS!" 
A man walks into a bar with a leprechaun on his shoulder NSFW He sits down and orders 2 beers one for him and one for the leprechaun, they both finish their drinks the leprechaun jumps down runs to the end of the bar and spits in a strangers face, runs back and jumps back on the mans shoulder. The man orders 2 more drinks, they both pound them down and the leprechaun jumps off his shoulder and runs to the end of the bar and spits in the strangers face. This time the stranger walks back to where the man and leprechaun are sitting and says "that leprechaun has spit in my face 2 times already, next time he does it I am going to cut off his dick." The man apologized and ordered 2 more drink. Sure enough the leprechaun finishes his drink runs to the end of the bar and spits in the strangers face. The stranger grabs the leprechaun and bulls down his pants to see that he has no penis. He walks to where the man is sitting and says "your leprechaun he had no penis." The man say "I know." So the stranger asks "how does he pee?" The man replies "he spits." 
A termite walks into a bar And asks ," Is the bar tender here?
A skeleton walks into a bar ...and orders a beer and a mop.
Helen Keller walks into a bar. Then a chair, then a table.
a fish walks into a bar.. the bartender asks "what will it be?" Fish replies " am dying for a glass of water."
A Colt 1911 and a Glock walks into a bar The 1911 says to the Glock: "Hey, ugly foreigner, want to do a drinking contest?"The Glock says "You old idiot, you can only last 8 rounds!"From a friend of mine who's a gun enthusiast.
A man walks into a bar and glances at the menu.* **Sandwiches, $2*** **Hand jobs, $5**He calls over to the waitress, a gorgeous young blonde woman who appeared to be in her mid-twenties."Hey, hi there. Are you the one doing the hand jobs?"She smiles thinly, "Yes sir, I am.""Well, wash your hands and put on some gloves. I'd like a sandwich."
an antisemitic walks into a bar see's a guy with a yamaka hangs out with priest. To mess with him, the guy tells the bartender to give the priest a drink on him but not the Jew, and make sure he realizes it. The Jew sees the drink, smiles at the guy and keep talking to the priest.The guy gets upset, tells the bartender to inform the priest, that he will pick up his tab till the rest of the night, and still give nothing to the Jewish guy. The Jew overheard the message, looks at the guy, smiles again and continue talking to the priest.Now he's pissed off. He stands up and says: "ladies and gentlemen, everybody's drinks are on me, except for this guy" and points at the Jew. Everyone cheers him and the Jew starts laughing. So the guy asks the bartender: "Whats that guy's problem? Is he crazy or something?"The bartender says: "No, that's the owner."
A pirate walks into a bar ... with a steering wheel coming out of his zipper. The bartender notices, and says to the pirate, "Hey, buddy. You know you got a steering wheel coming out of your pants?" The pirate looks at the bartender with an annoyed stare and says, "Arrrrr! I know. It's driving me nuts."
A Duck Walks Into a Bar ...and he asks the bartender, "Do you have any grapes?""Grapes?" the bartender asks. "Why would a bar have grapes? No, we don't have any grapes."With his beak towards the floor, the duck waddles out of the bar.However, the next day, the duck walks into that same bar. He waddles up to the counter with his feet flapping against the wooden floor with every step."Do you have any grapes?" the duck asks."I told you yesterday," the bartender says. "We don't have any grapes."And, the duck leaves.However, wouldn't you believe it, that same duck walks into that same bar and asks that same question the very next afternoon."Do you have any grapes?" the duck asks. "Listen," the bartender says. "If you come in here one more time and ask for grapes, I will staple your feet to the floor."The duck shrugs it off. He waddles out of the bar, and the night comes and goes. Finally, at noon the next day, the door to the bar opens, and lo and behold, there is the duck. Timidly, he walks to the counter. The bartender sees him, and he shakes his head."Hello, sir," the duck says. "Do you have any staples?""Staples?" the bartender asks. "Why would a bar have staples? No, we don't have any staples.""Well," the duck says. "Then do you have any grapes?"
A man walks into a bar. Ouch.
A termite walks into a bar and asks, is the bar tender here?
A man with an apple-sized head walks into a bar A man with a head the size of an apple walks into a bar and orders a beer. The bartender is understandably taken aback by the size of the man's head and says to him:"Mate, I know you probably get asked this all the time but why is your head so small? There's a free beer in it for you if you tell me."Tired of telling the story the man sighs but proceeds to explain:"You know how you hear all those stories and jokes about finding a genie's lamp? Well I actualy found one. I was walking up the beach and saw the spout sticking out of the sand so I picked it up. Remembering all those stories, I gave it a rub and lo and behold, a genie pops out. And man, what a genie. It wasn't the fat, old Persian guy that we usualy think of. This genie was a gorgeous, shapely woman. I mean, she was absolutely stunning. She said to me: "Thankyou for freeing me. To show my gratitude, I will grant you one wish."" "Now at this stage, I'm feeling a little ripped off but I figure that one wish is better than none. Just as I start to look at her and form an idea about what I might use my wish on, she says: "There is only one condition to your wish. You cannot wish to have sex with me.""So I asked her for a little head."
A man walks into a bar and puts a shoebox down on the table He says, "I'll have a beer and a shot of Jack Daniels for my friend in the box."The bartender looks down and sees a small man playing the piano. He brings the drinks and then asks, "Where'd you get this little guy?"The man at the bar replies, "I was walking on the beach when I found a bottle lying in the sand. I was dusting it off when a genie came out and this was my first wish."The bartender is thinking that maybe he can trade something for this guys wish. Now, this guy is feeling pretty generous so he agrees to giving up his second wish in exchange for free food and drinks. The bartender grabs the bottle, rubs it, and exclaims, "I wish for a million bucks!"Then, the door slams open and a million white ducks come marching into the bar.The man at the bar says, "I think the genie is hard of hearing.""What makes you say that?" asks the bartender."You think I wished for a twelve inch pianist?"
A man walks into a bar with a roll of tarmac under his arm and says "Pint please, and one for the road."
A man walks into a bar, and his head is an orange. It's business as usual for a bartender, and one day as he is cleaning his bar when an unusual customer walks in. The man is dressed in an expensive suit, has a beautiful supermodel hanging off each arm, and has a limo parked outside. Furthermore, the man has an orange for a head.The customer sits down at the bar and orders everyone a drink. He pays for it from a roll of hundreds and manages to get the attention of every woman in the joint, despite having an orange for a head.The bartender is not a man to pry, but he feels compelled to ask about this man's life."Excuse me," says the bartender, "I can't help but notice that you're obviously fabulously wealthy and irresistable to women, but you have an orange for a head. How did that happen?"So the man told his story."A while back, when I was penniless, I was walking along the beach and saw an old lamp, half buried in the sand. I picked it up and gave it a clean, and POOF! out popped a genie. The genie explained that he had been trapped in that lamp for two hundred years, and that he was so grateful to me for freeing him that he would give me three wishes."For my first wish I asked for an unlimited fortune. The genie said 'It is done!' and from then on, whenever I needed money, it was there."For my second wish I asked for the attention of all the most beautiful women in the world. The genie said it was done, and since then I have been able to get any woman I wanted."For my third wish, I thought long and hard. Truly, this last wish tasked the very limits of my imagination, my beliefs, my ethics, my philosophy.."'Djinni, for my third wish, I want my head to be an orange.'"
Girl walks into a bar ...and asks the bartender for a double entendre. So he GAVE it to her. 
A man with stub arms walks into a bar ** put your arms in your T-shirt and stick your hands out the sleeves when telling this joke **A man with stub arms walks into a bar and sits at the bar next to another guy. "Excuse me sir, I'm sorry to bother you, but can you get my wallet out of my pocket?"He looks at the man and smiles "Certainly." He reaches behind the man, grabs his wallet and pulls out some cash. After ordering a beer, the man says "sorry to bother you again, but can you help me taste the sweet amber?"He lifts the man's beer, and helps him take a sip. Shortly later, the man asks "I am so sorry. I wouldn't ask this of anyone if I didn't think they weren't  a good guy, but... Ummm... Can you help me... You know... Whizz?"Blushing, and awkwardly, he nods. They get up and walk to the men's room. The two stand next to the urinals. The man says "You'll have to unzip me."  He leans over, and using the tips of his fingers, unzips the man. Squirming, he helps the man's Johnson out, and out comes a wart covered, pus infected penis. He tries to gather his composure, and holds the man's junk as delicately as possible as the man pees. Once done, he shakes it, helps tuck it in and zips the man up.He then looks at the man and says "I'm so sorry to ask, but I have to. What is wrong with your dick?"The man replies "I don't know..."** push your arms out of your sleeves exaggeratedly **"... but f**ked if I'm going to touch it." 
A dog walks into a bar.. "I'm looking for the man that shot my paw" 
a termite walks into a bar And asks the waitress, is the bar tender here?
A ham sandwich walks into a bar. Sits down.  The bartender comes over and the ham sandwich says:  > I'd like a triple of bourbon, neat.Bartender says:  > I'm sorry, we don't serve food here.
So a pirate walks into a bar A pirate walks into a bar with a helm firmly attached to his crotch. The bartender sees this and asks,"Doesn't that hurt?" The Pirate replies, "ARRR, It's driving me nuts."
A pirate walks into a bar  ... and the bird on his shoulder is saying "Pieces of Nine. Pieces of Nine".It was a parroty error.
A pirate walks into a bar with an old wooden steering wheel attached to the crotch of his pants. The bartender looks at him and says, "You've got a steering wheel on the front of your pants." He sais "Arr, its drivin' me nuts!"
A vampire walks into a bar This vampire walks into a bar. Says ooOOOooOOOooo boogity boogity. Bar tender says "Alright, well what'll you have?" Vampire sits down and says can I get a big glass of hot water?" Bartender goes, gets a giant cup of boiling water and says "Here. I thought you guys needed blood or something like that though, why hot water?" Vampire reaches into his coat pocket, pulls out this giant tampon and says "I'm making tea."
A black guy walks into a bar with a parrot on his shoulder and the bartender says: "hey where'd you get that? It looks exotic." And the parrot says: "Africa."
A man walks into a bar. He orders a drink and after a few minutes sees a jar full of cash sitting behind the bar.  Curious, he asks the bartender about it."Well, you can win that money.  You see, we have a mule out back that is rather depressed.  If you can make him laugh you win the money.  But first you have to put twenty dollars in the pot."The patron considers the challenge for a bit then hands the bartender a twenty and walks to the back door.  All the patrons watch him leave in silence.After about a minute they hear the mule start braying and laughing for all he is worth.  The patron returns to the bar and claims his winnings.Awestruck, the bartender asks how he managed to do that so fast."Well, quite frankly I'm pretty sure I could get that mule to do just about anything."Says the bartender "Well, I"ll tell you what, I'll double your winnings if you can make him cry."The man agrees and walks out the door again, with everyone waiting in anticipation.   About a minute passes and the mule begins crying even more hysterically than he was laughing before.The man returns inside and claims his reward.  Dumbstruck the bartender asked him how he did it."Well, the first time I went out there I told him my dick was larger than his.  The second time I proved it."
An Alien walks into a bar.Classic Dad joke An Alien walks into a crowded bar and takes a seat. Naturally, all the punters are curious and a little scared at first, but as the night wears on and people get more friendly, soon everybody is gathered around him drinking beers and listening to his stories of inter-galactic tourism.Feeling so welcomed, the Alien declares 'The drinks are on me from here on out!'. The people in the bar are obviously overjoyed and drink beer after beer until the entire bar is dry.A couple of hours later the bar is closing and the people begin to filter out wearily, patting the Alien on the back as the leave, thanking him for such a great night, until soon it is only the Alien left, sat opposite the bar tender.Bartender says; ' That was the most entertaining, busy night we've had in this joint...so thanks''No problem' says the Alien..Bartender says 'There is the small matter of your tab though..''No problem says the Alien..'How much will it be sir?''$12,350' says the Bartender rather sheepishly..Alien unperturbed replies 'Ah! No problem sir!..Do you have change of a Zonk?'(I realise I'm bad at telling it)
A blind man walks into a bar. He orders a drink, and then says to the barman, "Why don't blondes get coffee breaks? It takes too long to retrain them."He is met with a stony silence. All he hears are a set of footsteps approaching him, followed by a rough voice."Hey, buddy. I'm 6' 4 and a trained martial artist. The guy who just served you is bigger than me and a cage fighter. The only other person in here is the biggest out of the three of us, and he's just someone you *really* don't want to fuck with. Now, do you want to tell that joke again?"The blind man thought about it for a moment and replied, "No. I'm not explaining it three times."
A lady walks into a bar and orders a double entendre ...and the bartender gives it to her.
A man walks into a bar. and asks the bartender for a rum and coke. The bartender reaches under his counter and places an apple on the bar. The man asks, 'What's this?'The bartender replies, 'Eat it.' The man takes a bite. To his surprise it tastes like rum. The bartender says, 'Turn it around.' The man turns the apple around and takes a bite. The other side tastes like coke. Amazed, he continues to eat the apple. Another man walks in and asks for a gin and tonic. The bartender places another apple on the bar. The second man says, 'What's this?' However, the first man tells him to try it. The man takes a bite. To his amazement it tastes like Gin. The bartender tells him to turn it around. The man turns the apple around and takes a bite and stunningly enough, it tastes like tonic. So both men sit at the bar eating their respective rum and coke and gin and tonic apples. A third man walks in. The other two men tell him, 'Hey, this guy has got an apple that tastes like anything you want.' The third man says, 'Oh really?' The bartender replies, 'Yeah.' The man says, 'Well then do you have an apple that tastes like pussy?' The bartender replies, 'You bet i do,' and places a third apple on the bar. Amazed, the third man picks up the apple and takes a bite. Immediately he spits it out and says. 'What the hell dude?!? This tastes like shit!' The bartender looks at him and says, 'Yeah well, turn it around.'
A neutron walks into a bar, and orders a beer. He asks the bartender how much it costs, to which the bartender replies"For you my friend, no charge".
A blind man walks into a bar and a table and a chair.
A black man with a parrot walks into a bar A black man with a parrot on his shoulder walks into a bar. The bartender says "Hey, where'd you get that thing?"The parrot responds "Africa, there's millions of em!"
A guy walks into a bar with a bit of asphalt. He walks up to the bar tender and says 'I'll have a beer and one for the road'.
A Termite Walks into a Bar and asks, "hey, where's the bar tender?"
A man walks into a bar [NSFW] A man walks into a bar and sees a jar full of 20 dollar bills on the table. He asks the bartender what the jar was for."We're having a contest" the bartender replies. "You put a 20 dollar bill in the jar and then have to complete 3 challenges. If you can complete them succesfully, you get the whole jar full of money.""What are the challenges?" the man asks."Well, first you have to down eight shots of tequila in 20 seconds. Second, out back behind the bar there is an old, mean pitbull with a bad tooth. You have to pull that tooth. Finally, upstairs there is a 90 year old woman who has never had an orgasm; you have to fix that.""Damn, that sounds a bit extreme for my taste, I think I'll just have a beer" the man says. The bartender chuckles understandingly and hands him a beer. Over the next hour, the man has a few drinks and keeps eyeing the jar; the jar was *stuffed* with twenties, there had to be over a thousand bucks in it. Finally, he shrugs, pulls out a twenty, and puts it in the jar. At this, the entire bar cheers.The bartender announces "Challenge one!" and pours the man eight shots. Without a moment's hesitation, the man pounds all of them back, with time to spare. The bar cheers again as the man announces, heavily inebriated and slurring his words, "Alright, I've done the shots, now for challenge two!" and stumbled out the back door, shutting it behind him.The bar patrons can hear what happens next. Barking, yipping, the man yelping, the tearing of clothes; there is a true battle raging outside. Finally, it gets quiet and the man comes back in. His shirt is torn to shreds, he's bleeding from a dozen cuts and bits, but he stands triumphant with a huge, drunken smile on his face."Took care of the dog! Now, where's the old lady with the bad tooth?"
A guy walks into a bar He orders a whiskey and downs it swiftly. "I shouldn't have drunk that" he says to the barman. "Why?" the barman replies, "are you ill?", "No!" replies the the drinker, "I've got no money!"
Walks into a bar A neutron walks into a bar and asks "how much for a beer?" The bartender says, "for you? no charge."
A guy walks into a bar and sees 3 pieces of meat hanging from the ceiling. The guy asks, "What's this about?" The bartender replies, "Well, if you can jump up and smack the meat, you get free drinks for the rest of the night. If you miss, you pay for everyone's drinks for the rest of the night. You wanna do it?"The guy replies, "Nah, the steaks are too high."
So a bear walks into a bar  And  he orders a drink, the bartender says "Sorry we don't serve bears here." The bear growls at him, flashes his teeth and says "How about now?" . "Nope, sorry.". The bear flies into a rage and smashes a table, "How about now?" "I've already told you, we don't serve your type." The bear loses it grabs a woman from the end of the bar and devours her. "HOW ABOUT NOW?". "Now we definitely don't serve bears on drugs.". The bear says "huh? What?". The bartender says, "That was a bar-bitch you ate.".
A Redditor walks into a bar.. and approaches a dime sitting alone. He taps her on the shoulder, opens his mouth to speak, and then promptly shuffles away awkwardly to the washroom.When he returns from the back, he orders a drink from the onlooking, all-seeing bartender."Looks like you struck out, fella. Say, what went wrong? Cat got your tongue?" "Cat-thulu? Naw, he's still asleep on the couch. I just came in here to fuel a pending advice-animals meme."
A man walks into a bar.. And sees a huge glass jar full of fifty's."What's that?" He asks the bartender."Well.. thats our Badd-ass jar"..You have to put in a fifty, and complete three tasks.. First you've got to chug this huge bottle of wiskey. .Second, you've got to pull this bad tooth out of the mouth of the biggest pittbull you've ever seen thats lying in the back..Third and last .. you've got to go upstairs and rock my 95 years old mother in laws world.. if you get my drift..Then.. the entire jar is yours."The guy thinks about it for a minute and then decides to try his luck. ...First he downs the huge bottle of wiskey in one go. .Then he stumbles drunk to the back ..A terrible sound of barking and howling is heard coming from this ferrocious dog..After ten minutes,  the guy crawles back into the bar and exclaims:"Where is that old hag with the rotten tooth?"
A blonde walks into a bar Ouch.
Schrödinger's cat walks into a bar. And doesn't.
A black guy walks into a bar with a parrot on his shoulder The bartender says, "Hey, that thing is cool!  Where did you get him?"The parrot replies, "Detroit".
Helium walks into a bar and orders a beer. The bartender says "Sorry, we don't serve noble gasses here". He doesn't react, because living a society that systematically discriminates against noble gasses has taught him that getting angry will only bring violence upon him. He totally writes an angry tumblr post about it later that evening though.
Guy walks into a bar So this guy walks into a bar with a frog on his head. The bartender says "Wow, that's a mighty strange creature there. How'd you get such a thing?"And the frog says "Well it all started with a bump on my butt..."
A Bear walks into a Bar. A bear walks into a bar and asks for a beer. The bartender says "sorry, we don't serve beers to bears in bars here"   "Why the hell not" the bear demands. "Because it's unethical, because its the damn rules, and because I SAID SO"   "Well, if you don't give me a beer, I'm going to eat all of your customers, starting with that woman right there" the bear says motioning at the patron next to him.  "LOOK!" The bartender exclaims "I'm a barkeep, not a bearkeep, and I don't serve no beers, to no bears, in no bars, or no place else, and no threat you can make is gonna change that, so you do whatever it is you gotta do, but you ain't gettin no beer from me"   The bear grabs the woman off of her barstool, rips her into two pieces and chomps her down in a few bites. He turns back to the barkeep, blood in his jowls, and demands "now give me a beer!!"   "Sorry" the barkeep chuckles "we don't serve beers to bears on drugs"     "What do you mean? I'm not on drugs"     "Sure you are... That was a bar bitch you ate" 
So this guys walks into a bar with a small alligator and orders a beer.  He drinks it down, then bangs the glass on the counter to get everyone's attention.  Then he unzips he pants and takes out penis, and, very carefully, eases it into the alligator's mouth.  Then he pounds his fist hard down onto the alligator's head."Alright," he says, after setting the alligator on the counter and putting his dick away, "Anyone else think they can do that?"A little old lady raises her hand as says, "Yes, I can, but you mustn't hit me so hard."
So, this guy walks into a bar with a Newt on his shoulder The bartender says "that's a weird pet what's his name?"  The guy responds, "oh, his name is Tiny."    The bartender then asks "Well that's a weird name, why do you call him that?"  And the guys answers "because he's mynewt!"
A mule walks into a bar, and the bartender asks, "Why the long face?" The mule replies, "Well, my mother was a horse, of course, of course. And no one can talk to a horse, of course. Which eventually led to divorce, of course. Of which there was no recourse, of course.So without my father but with my mute mother, it took quite a long time for me to discover... ...I can't have kids"
A man walks into a bar ...and sees a sign saying 'Complete 3 tasks and win £500'. He asks the barman about it and he says "See that big bloke in the corner with the bald head, first off you've gotta knock him out".He doesn't look keen on the idea but asks what the second task is anyway. "I've got an angry rottweiler downstairs with a toothache, you've got to pull the tooth out""What about the third?" The man says."You see that young woman over there? You have to seduce her and have sex with her until she orgasms.""Well" replies the man, "I don't like the sound of those first two so forget about it"Later in the night he's feeling very drunk and returns to the barman. "So... about those £500 tasks?" Barman points at the skinhead in the corner and the man walks over and knocks him out with a single punch."What's next?" he says. The barman points downstairs"The rottweiler".The man goes downstairs and soon you could hear barking and howling, screaming and things getting smashed up.The man eventually staggers up the stairs, covered in blood and says "right, where's that bird with the toothache?"
A cowboy walks into a bar. He orders a beer and sits down. As he's waiting, he pulls out a revolver without warning and fires at the fan standing in the corner. The bartender runs over, shocked. "What on earth do you think you're doing?!" he cries."Oh, you know," the cowboy drawls, "just shootin' the breeze."
A blind guy walks into a bar.. And a table.. And a chair.. And a desk
So a pedophile, an alcoholic and a priest walks into a bar he sits down
A Spanish pirate walks into a bar [OC] A Spanish pirate walks into a bar, and he appears down in the dumps. The bartender notices this and asks, "Aye, what'll ye be havin'?""Agua, por favor.""Hm, whatever floats yer boat, lad.""...Sí."
A guy walks into a Bar. ..and walks up to a beautiful woman. He asks her if she would have sex with him for $10,000. She thinks about and says she would. He then asks her if she would have sex with him for $100. Disgusted, she declares, What kind of woman do you think I am? He replies, we have already established that, now I'm just negotiating price. 
A neutron walks into a bar ...and asks "how much for a drink?"    The bartender replies "For you, no charge."
A pig walks into a bar ... and says to the bartender, "One root beer please." After he drinks his beverage he asks the bartender where the facilities are."Toilet's just past the jukebox."The pig uses the restroom and leaves.A second pig enters the bar, "Two root beers please." He has his drinks and asks about the restroom."Toilet's just past the jukebox."Second pig uses the restroom and leavesThird pig enters, "Three root beers please." Does just as the last two pigs"Toilet's just past the jukebox."Third pig uses the restroom and leavesA fourth pig enters and its the same routine. Root beers, restroom, out the door.A fifth pig enters and has his five root beers. He heads for the door and the bartender asks, "Hey, aren't you gonna ask about the toilet?"Fifth pig replies, "No, this little piggy goes wee wee wee all the way home!"
A duck walks into a bar. the bartender says, "what can I get you duck?"the duck says, "you got any grapes?"the bartender replies, "no this is a bar, we don't have any grapes."the duck leaves and then comes back the next day.  the bartender sees the duck and he says, "allright duck, what'll you have?"the duck says, "you got any grapes?"The bartender says, "ok duck let's get something straight. we didn't have any grapes yesterday, we don't have any today and we're not gonna  have any grapes tomorrow.  if you come in here one more time asking for grapes, I'm going to take your bill and nail it to the bar."The duck says, "whoa, take it easy!"  The duck gets up and leaves.The next day, the 3rd day in a row, the duck walks into the bar.  The bartender sees the duck, rests his hands on bar, leans forward, and says, "ok duck, what'll you have?"The duck says, "you got any nails?"Bartender says, "nope."Duck says, "you got any grapes?"
A guy walks into a bar ouch If you didn't get it think about in literal terms
A blonde walks into a bar. Ouch.
A double entendre walks into a bar 
So one man walks into a bar and the other one ducks.
A Man walks into a bar He scopes out the bar and notices a horse in the corner of the bar. he sits down at the bar and orders a beer, he then asks the barkeep what is the deal with the horse. The barkeep tells him if anyone can make the horse laugh they would get 500$. The man thinks about it and walks up to the horse and whispers something in its ear, and the horse starts laughing hysterically! the man walks up to the tender and collects his money and leave.The next week the man walks into the same bar and notices the horse is still there, so he proceeds to ask the tender why he is still there. The tender looks at him and says if anyone can make the horse cry they get 1000$. so the man goes back up to the horse and all of the sudden the horse starts balling. The man walks back to the tender and asks for his money and the tender is just shocked as he hands the guy the money "I have to ask you what you said to the horse to make him laugh and cry'. The man smiles and said "last week I told him I have a bigger dick, today I showed him!"
A horse walks into a bar ...and orders a beer. The bartender is in shock, an actual horse just walked into his bar, sat down at the bar like a person, and ordered a beer in perfect English. He tells the horse, "I'm sorry sir, I just have to go speak to my manager for a moment."So the bartender goes to the back, and explains the situation to his manager. The manager thinks for a moment and then says to the bartender,"Okay look, this is a bar so go ahead and serve that horse a beer. However considering he's a horse, he probably doesn't know how much beer costs, so go ahead and charge him $50 for it."The bartender shrugs and goes back to the front, where the horse is still sitting, visibly watching football on the TV. The bartender gets to the bar and asks the horse,"Okay, what'll you have?"The horse turns back around and says,"Gimme an IPA"So the bartender pours him an IPA, and slides the beer across to him. He then slowly slides the $50 check across the bar to the horse. The horse picks up the check with his hooves, passively looks at it, pulls out his credit card, slowly slides it and the check back, and then calmly goes back to watching the game as he laps his beer. Now the bartender is still confused, the situation is difficult to get his head around, but he doesn't want to risk offending a 1000lb horse by asking the wrong questions. So he opts to start some small talk and says to the horse,"You know, we don't really have too many horses coming in here."The horse slowly, impassively turns back around to face the bartender and replies,"You know with prices like these I'm not surprised."
A pickle walks into a bar He takes a seat at the bar and drinks his whiskey not bothering anyone. A banana comes in and sits down next to him, and orders a drink. Turns to him and says"Man, you don't look too good. You're all green and shriveled."The pickle looks at him and says, "yeah.... I'm a pickle."
Muhammad, Jesus and Buddha walks into a bar The bartender asks each of them what they want. Muhammad orders a glass of cranberry juice. Jesus orders a glass of water, and promptly turns it into wine. Then the bartender asks Buddha, "what do you want?" Buddha replies, "Make me one with everything." 
Abraham Lincoln walks into a bar The bartender says, "Mr. President I am going to have to ask you to leave" Lincoln asks "Why is that?", the bartender replies "Last time you were around a shot you ended up on the floor"
So a guy walks into a bar ... and he notices a pig playing a piano in the corner. He goes up to the bartender and says "Hey, man. What's with the pig?". The bartender replies "There's a guy down the street granting wishes, but watch what you say. He's kind of sketchy." The man takes off and comes back a little while later with an endless line of ducklings following him through the door. He goes up to the bartender and shouts "Man, that guy was terrible! I asked for a million bucks and he gave me a million ducks!"The bartender replied "What do you think I asked for, a pig pianist?"
A Roman walks into a bar He holds up two fingers and says "give me five beers."
A horse walks into a bar ...the bartender asks, "Why the long face?"The horse replies, "I have AIDS."
So, Lieutenant Dan walks into a bar 
A guy walks into a bar *clang!*... he says "ouch" and ducks next time.
A duck walks into a bar Quack!
A duck walks into a bar Duck: Got any bread?  Barman: No mate, this is a bar  Duck: Got any bread ?  Barman: No I've told you, we don't have bread here!  Duck: Got any bread?  Barman: Look, if you ask me that again I'm going to nail your beak to the bar.  Duck: Got any nails?  Barman: No.  Duck: Got any bread?
A sailor walks into a bar He orders a drink and notices there's a mean, weather beaten pirate next to him at the bar. The pirate has a hook, a peg leg, and an eye patch. After a few drinks the sailor gets the courage to ask the pirate how he lost his leg. The pirate tells him, "We were in the midst of a raging storm, a wave crashed over the deck and swept me off inter the sea. Before I was rescued, a shark swam up and bit off me leg!" "That's quite the story" the sailor responds. "What about the hook?""Arr, we were boarding a vessel, swords were flying, and in the fray, I got me hand chopped off!""Wow, that's another impressive story. What's the story behind the eye patch?""It twas a beautiful day, while I was gazing up at the clear blue sky, a bird flew over and pooped in me eye!""You lost your eye to bird poop?" the sailor asks incredulously. "Well," responds the pirate, "It twas the first day with me hook..."
A blind man walks into a bar with his seeing-eye dog. He picks the dog up by the tail and starts swinging it in a circle over his head.  The bartender says, "What the hell are you doing?"  The blind man says, "Oh, just takin' a look around."
A man walks into a bar. He then says "ouch."
A man walks into a bar and exclaims "I bet anyone here five dollars that I can bite my own eye!"The man receives a multitude of five dollar bills but to the annoyance of the givers of the five dollar bills, the man grins and pulls out his glass eye. After biting the eye, the man buys a drink and exclaims for a second time..."I bet anyone in here ten dollars I can bite my other eye!"Again, the man receives a multitude of bills, now ten dollar bills from people we don't believe the man could possibly have two glass eyes, but to the annoyance of the givers of the ten dollar bills, the man grins and pulls out his false teeth.
A man walks into a bar It hurt
A traditional Indian woman walks into a bar for the first time She sits down between two men.She hears the first man says to the bartender "Johnny Walker, single."Then second man says to the bartender "Jack Daniels, single."The bartender turns to the Indian woman... She says "Pushpaben Patel, Married."
A guy walks into a bar. A get walks into a bar on the top floor of the empire state building runs up to the bartender and yells, I need a shot of jack. The bartender pours it and the guy takes the shot. He turns around and runs towards the window and jumps though it. 4 min later the same guy walks back in and says another shot! The bartender pours another and before he takes it a second guy at the bar said fuck it I'll take one too...the bartender pours both shots. The second guy hurried to shoot his and takes off running toward the window and jumps. The bartender looks at the first guy and said "you're an asshole Superman"
A woman walks into a bar and asks the bartender for a double entendre. So he gives it to her.
A guy walks into a bar.. A guy walks into a bar and sees a big fish tank full of money, $100's, $50's, and $20s. There's a sign on it saying you can win itHe goes up to the bartender and says "Wow, that's a hell of a lot of money. How do you win it?The bartender says "Well you gotta do three things. You gotta find the biggest, toughest man in the bar and knock him out in one punch. Second, theres a doberman out back, meanest dog you've ever seen. He's got a sore tooth and you gotta pull it out. Last, there's a whore upstairs, shes been a whore for 30 years and nothing gets her off anymore. You gotta go upstairs and get her off."The guy thinks about this and orders some shots. A few shots in, he looks around and finds the biggest guy in the bar, taps him on the shoulder and knocks him out cold. He goes back to the bar and puts down a few more shots and walks out the back door. Then there's screaming and growling and barking and all kinds of hell being raised through the door. He comes back in, bloodied, clothes ripped and out of breath and he says"Now where's that old whore with the sore tooth?"
A giraffe walks into a bar And says "Hey everybody the high balls are on me!"
A man walks into a bar and notices two things: 1. there's a line. 2. The daily special is a Cranberry & Vodka. So he gets into the punch-line. 
Guy walks into a bar So this casual guy walks into a bar after a long day at work. Walks up, takes a seat and tells the waiter he would like a Gin and Tonic. Waiter goes around and comes back with an apple. " I asked for a Gin and Tonic"... "Trust me take a bite. So the guy takes a bite. "What is this!? This taste like gin"! "Waiter tells the guy to turn it around and take a bite. Guy does so. "Oh my god, that taste like tonic"!A few minutes later another guy walks in and asks for a Rum and Coke. Same thing happens, the guy is mind blown. So those guys talk for a while and a few minutes later another guy walks in and sit next too the two first guys. The guys tell him, "man you got to try this out, this waiter can make an apple taste like anything".The guy goes, "oh yeah, give me an apple that taste like pussy"Waiter turns around does his thing and hands over an apple. "The guy takes a bite, "WHAT THE FUCK IS THIS!?, THIS TASTE LIKE FUCKING SHIT!""Turn it around" says the waiter.
A man walks into a bar ... Approaches the bartender and asks for ten shots of his finest Scotch. The bartender pours the shots and the man drinks them, one after the other, in under ten seconds.The bartender says "My god, I've never seen anyone take so many shots so fast!"To which the man replies "Bartender, if you had what I have you'd drink fast too.""What do you have?" asks the bartender."Four bucks."
A man walks into a bar with a giraffe The man and the giraffe drink shots back and forth and eventually the giraffe passes out from alcohol. The man puts some money on the table and starts to walk out. The bartender yells out "You can't leave that lyin' there!" The man replies "That's not a lion, it's a giraffe."Read it out loud if you don't get it at first.
A shark walks into a bar, and the bartender leaves because sharks are dangerous.
WALKS INTO A BAR MENU A guy walks into a bar and sees a sign that reads:Cheese Sandwich: $1.50Chicken Sandwich: $2.50Hand Job: $10.00He checks his wallet and beckons to the sexy bartender."Are you the one who gives the hand jobs?" he asks."Yes," she purrs. "I am.""Well, wash your frickin' hands," says the man. "I want a cheese sandwich!"
WALKS INTO A BAR TAXIDERMY A Yankee walks into a bar in Alabama and orders a cosmopolitan. The bartender looks at the man and says, "You're not from 'round here are ya?""No" replies the man, "I'm from New Hampshire." The bartender looks at him and says, "Well what do you do in New Hampshire?""I'm a taxidermist," says the man. The bartender looks bewildered, so the man explains, "I mount dead animals."The bartender stands back and hollers to the whole bar, "It's OK, boys! He's one of us!"
WALKS INTO A BAR MERMAID SEX An old man walks into a bar and orders a beer. The bartender notices the guy's head is the size of a cue ball."I got to ask, sir," says the bartender. "What happened?"The old guy sighs and tells him, "My ship was torpedoed by the Germans in WWII. A mermaid rescued me and promised to grant me three wishes. For my first wish, I asked to return to the States. My second wish was to have all the money I would ever need. Finally, my third wish was to have sex with the mermaid.""That doesn't sound too bad," says the bartender. "Then what happened?""Well," sighs the man, "mermaids can't have sex, so I asked her if I could just have a little head... ."
WALKS INTO A BAR SEXY LINCOLN An older man walks into a bar wearing a stovepipe hat, a waistcoat and a phony beard. He sits down at a bar and orders a drink. As the bartender sets it down, he asks, "Going to a party?""Yeah, a costume party," the man answers, "I'm supposed to come dressed as my love life.""But you look like Abe Lincoln," protests the bartender."That's right. My last four scores were seven years ago."
WALKS INTO A BAR RANDY PANDA A panda walks into a bar. He asks the bartender how he can get a little action for the night. The bartender motions to a young woman. She talks to the panda, and they go back to her place. After having sex, the panda abruptly leaves.The next night, the woman goes to the panda's house. "You owe me money," she says."For what?"The woman rolls her eyes and explains, "I'm a prostitute."The panda pulls out a dictionary and looks it up: "Prostitute: Has sex for money."The panda says, "I don't have to pay you. I'm a panda -- look it up." She is about to protest when the bear hands her the dictionary.The woman looks up "panda" in the dictionary. It says, "Panda: Eats bush and leaves."
WALKS INTO A BAR THREE TESTS A new guy in town walks into a bar and notices a large jar filled to the brim with $10 bills. The man approaches the bartender and asks, "What's up with the jar?""Well, you pay $10, and if you pass three tests, then you get all the money.""What are the three tests?" asks the man"Gotta pay first."So the guy gives him the $10 bucks, and the bartender adds it to the jar."OK, here's what you have to do. First, you have to drink that whole bottle of pepper tequila -- the WHOLE thing at once -- and you can't make a face while doing it. Second, there's a pit bull chained up out back with a sore tooth. You have to remove the tooth with your bare hands. Third, there is a 90-year-old woman upstairs who's never had an orgasm in her life. You gotta make things right for her.""Well, I know I've paid my $10 bucks," says the man, "but I'm not an idiot. No wonder you've collected so much money -- that's impossible!"The new guy proceeds to drink several whiskeys, and eventually, he gets up his nerve."Wherez zat teeqeelah?" he slurs.He grabs the bottle of pepper tequila with both hands and downs it, gulp by gulp. Tears are streaming down his cheeks, but he doesn't make a face. Next, he staggers out back. Everyone in the bar hears a huge scuffle outside -- barking, yelping and growling, then silence.Just when they think the man must be dead, he staggers back into the bar with his shirt ripped and gashes across his body."NOW," he says, "wherez at ol' lady with the sore tooth?"
A man walks into a bar with a gigantic microphone. A man walks into a bar with a giant microphone. Bartender asks, "Why's it so big?""It's God's Microphone. I'll show you"He brushed off a thick layer of dust and declares, "Go fuck yourself."The voice boomed over the noise of the bar.After a moment a nervous priest covered in sweat runs into the bar."Did you hear that?" asked the bartender.The priest grabs a patrons drink and downs it,"Fuck yeah I did, but that's nothing compared to what the nuns are doing!"Tagline:(Bartender: "Well what are you so upset about, that sounds great!"The priest nods, "Yeah, but did he have to tell the choir boys?")
An Irishman walks into a bar Every night and then he stays there until it closes.
So Descartes walks into a bar and he asks the bartender for a beer. The bartender gets it for him and he drinks it. The philosopher calls the bartender over again, asks for another one, gets it, and drinks it. This time, the bartender sees him finish the beer and goes over and asks Descartes if he'd like another. The philosopher says, "I think not," and disappears.
a chicken walks into a bar A chicken walks into a bar and sits down. As the bartender approaches the chicken, he can see that the chicken's eyes are bloodshot and that the chicken seems to have a nervous shake. The bartender asks the chicken if he's alright, and the chicken says he's fine. So the bartender asks the chicken what he would like to drink and the chicken nervously asks for a shot of Jameson, with a slight stutter. The bartender pours the shot and the chicken immediately downs it, and less nervously asks for another. The bartender pours another shot, the chicken downs it just as quickly, and asks for a third without any hesitation. The bartender gives him a bit of a concerned look, but pours him another, telling him that he needs to slow it down. The chicken does the shot, and says to the bartender "listen man, if you had a day like mine, you would be just as desperate to wash away all of these tortured memories. I have seen generations of families die at the hands of killers who feel that they are doing nothing wrong, I live in my own filth, and while all of this happens I am forced to watch the genocide of many different types of animals while this sick family holds me captive.". The bartender at this point has tears in his eyes, and tells the chicken that he's sorry as he pours a complimentary double shot of Jameson. The chicken pounds it down, and says thanks. The bartender then asks the chicken "say, what part of town are you from?" The chicken answers, "ohh, just the other side of the road".
A babe walks into a bar and orders a double entendre So the bartender gave it to her
A bear walks into a bar The bear says to the bartender, "Can i have a rootbeer................................float". The bartender says, "Sure, but why long pause". The bear says, "I've had these my whole life."
A Roman walks into a bar. He holds up two fingers and says, "five beers, please."
A man walks into a bar, followed by an ostrich and a cat ...he walks to the bar, the ostrich as well, the cat jumps up onto a stool. He asks the bartender, "Can I get a pint of Guinness?", the ostrich speaks up, says "I'll have one too", the cat says "me too, but i'm not paying". Bartender says that'll be $18.90. The man reaches into his pocket, passes a handful of notes and coins over. The bartender notices it's the exact change. "So what exactly is going on here?", he asks. The man says "well, I was down on the beach, and I found an old lamp. I picked it up, and a genie appeared! said I could have three wishes. I said, I wish that my right pants pocket would always carry exactly how much money I need".The bartender is visibly impressed! "That's pure genius", he remarked, "I know guys would wish for a simple million or a Ferrari or whatever, but shit, you're set for life! What else did you wish for?"The man shrugs and replies, "a chick with long legs and a tight pussy.."
A duck walks into a bar And the bartender says "why is there a duck in my bar?"
ICD-10 walks into a bar [W22.01](http://www.icd10data.com/ICD10CM/Codes/V00-Y99/W20-W49/W22-/W22.01) [Y92.511](http://www.icd10data.com/ICD10CM/Codes/V00-Y99/Y90-Y99/Y92-/Y92.511) [Y29.XXXA](http://www.icd10data.com/ICD10CM/Codes/V00-Y99/Y21-Y33/Y29-/Y29.XXXA)
A horse walks into a bar and orders an N. 
A gay guy walking backwards walks into a bar and proceeds to moan in pleasure.
Gay guy walks into a bar A gay guy walks into a bar and goes up to a black guy sitting at the end of the bar.  The gay guy says "Hey.. want a blow job?"The black guy turns around and proceeds to beat the hell out of the guy, turns around and sits back down.The bartender comes over and says, "Man, what the hell did he say to you?""I don't know.. something about a job."
A Guy Walks Into A Bar And Sees (nsfw, I guess) ... a dog licking its balls. He says "I wish I could do that" and the bartender say "Give him a biscuit, he might let you."
Chinese man walks into a bar Sees a black bartender, and says 'gimme a jigger, nigger'.  Black bartender gets upset and asks the Chinese guy 'how would you like it if I did that to you?'  So the black bartender and Chinese guy agree to change places.  Black bartender walks out, and back in, sees the Chinese guy behind the counter and says 'gimme a drink, chink'.  Chinese guy says 'I'm sorry, but we don't serve niggers here' 
A termite walks into a bar ... and says, “Hey, is the bar tender here?”
Schrödinger's cat walks into a bar.. ...and doesn't 
A guy walks into a bar and sees a mean-looking horse ...with a bucket of money next to him.The guy asks the bartender what the deal is."That horse is the meanest horse in town. What you do is, you put $5 in the bucket. If you can make the horse laugh, you get to take all the money."The guy says, "Alright." He walks over to the horse, puts $5 in the bucket, and whispers something in his ear. The horse bursts with laughter. Laughs and laughs and laughs and laughs.  The guy picks up the bucket of money and walks out.A week later, a guy returns to the bar and finds the horse STILL laughing.  There's a new bucket of money beside him.   Again, the guy asks the bartender what the deal is."Well mister, I don't know what you said to that horse, but he hasn't stopped laughing since. So now the money is for anyone who can make the horse cry."The guy says, "Alright." He walks over to the horse, puts $5 in the bucket, and does something quickly and subtly, so that only the horse can see.  The horse bursts into tears.  Cries and cries and cries.The guy picks up the bucket of money and starts to walk out."Wait!" yelled the bartender, "Last week, NO ONE could make that horse laugh, and you did. This week, no one could make that horse cry, and you did!  WHAT THE HELL DID YOU DO?""Well," said the guy, "Last week I told him I have a bigger dick than he does.  Today, I showed him."
A comedian walks into a bar full of r/historians.. [deleted]
An Ancient Roman walks into a bar. He sits down and says "I'll have a martinus please.""Don't you mean a martini?" The bartender asksThe Ancient Roman replies"If I wanted a double I would have asked for it."
A gnome walks into a bar and the bartender starts a tab for him. The gnome keeps pounding them away, one after the other. After a few hours, the gnome decides to call it a night. The bartender hands him his tab when the gnome realizes he left his wallet at home. He turns to the bartender and says, "Sorry, I'm a little short."
A pirate walks into a bar.. ..and the bartender says, "Hey, I haven't seen you in a while. What happened, you look terrible!""What do you mean?" the pirate replies, "I'm fine."The bartender says, "But what about that wooden leg? You didn't have that before.""Well," says the pirate, "We were in a battle at sea and a cannon ball hit my leg but the surgeon fixed me up, and I'm fine, really.""Yeah," says the bartender, "But what about that hook? Last time I saw you, you had both hands.""Well," says the pirate, "We were in another battle and we boarded the enemy ship. I was in a sword fight and my hand was cut off but the surgeon fixed me up with this hook, and I feel great, really.""Oh," says the bartender, "What about that eye patch? Last time you were in here you had both eyes.""Well," says the pirate, "One day when we were at sea, some birds were flying over the ship. I looked up, and one of them shat in my eye.""So?" replied the bartender, "what happened? You couldn't have lost an eye just from some bird shit!""Well," says the pirate, "I really wasn't used to the hook yet.
A blind man walks into a bar with a guide dog and, without saying a word, yanks the dogs leash and starts swinging the dog over his head in a big circle like a lasso.  The bartender screamed, "Jesus Christ, what the hell are you doing!?"The blind man replied, "Oh, just having a look around."
A Chinese man walks into a bar.. and yells to the bartender in a heavy accent, 'HEY NIGGER, GET ME A BEER!'The black bartender is visibly upset but maintains his composure and calmly tells the Chinese man that he doesn't appreciate his language, and that it is unacceptable in America.  The Chinese man nods apparently in agreement, receives his beer, and takes a long swig.  After downing it he slams the empty mug on the bar and he yells over to the bartender, 'BOY, YOU BETTER GET YOUR NIGGER ASS OVER HERE AND SERVE ME ANOTHER BEER!'  Now all the other patrons are looking at this drunk Chinese guy so the bartender tells him to better keep it cool, which he does for about half an hour.Sure enough, the drunk-as-balls Chinese man soon yells over to the bartender, 'NIGGER GET ME ANOTHER BEER BEFORE I LYNCH YOU!'The bartender, head in his hands, finally challenges the Chinese guy, 'Look, you don't know anything about racism here in America.  How about we switch places so you could see how it really feels?'.  Then the bartender sits down on a stool, and the Chinese man stumbles over behind the bar.The bartender yells to the Chinese man, 'HEY CHINK, GET ME A BEER YOU YELLOW, SLANTY-EYED, DOG-EATING MOTHER FUCKER!'After a short pause the Chinese man looks him straight in the eyes and deadpans, 'I'm sorry, we don't serve niggers here.'          
A sandwich walks into a bar The bartender stares at it blankly and says, "I'm sorry, we don't serve food."
A baby seal walks into a bar. The bartender says, "What will you have?"The seals says, "Anything but a Canadian Club."
a man walks into a bar he sits down and orders 3 double vodkas, the bartender asks 'rough day ha?'. to this the man replies 'yea. i just found out my older brother is gay'. the bartender smiles sympathetically and services him his drinks.the next day the same man walks into the same bar and orders the same drinks the bartender asks 'what happened this time' the man replies 'my younger brother just came out of the closet'. the bartender gives the same smile and gives the man his drinks.the next day the same man walks into the same bar before he can say anything the bartender asks 'christ man doesn't anyone in your family like women?' the man replies 'yes my wife'.
A dog walks into a bar.. with his blind owner who wanted a drink. His owner couldn't see where he was going but he still wanted a drink (he's blind, not unable to drink!).To clarify, the dog was there to help. He was, more or less, the "eyes" of the owner, otherwise referred to as a "guide dog."Here's some more info on guide dogs:http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Guide_dog
A man walks into a bar ouch, that hurt!
Joey Tribbiani walks into a bar He wants a drink so he walks up to the bar and asks the bartender for a drink. The bartender replies"What sort of drink do you want?" and Joey Tribbiani responds to the bartender"I want a cold beverage because the temperature is very hot in here!"Joey Tribbiani noticed the heaters were running.
A man walks into a bar with an octopus ...he sets the octopus on the bar and says to the bartender, "I'll bet you $50 this octopus can play any instrument you have."The bartender agrees and directs him to a piano in the corner. After the octopus sits down and plays a few bars the man asks the bartended to pay up. "Hold on" says the bartender and hands over a guitar.The octopus takes the guitar, gives it a quick tune and plays a little song. The man again asks the bartender to pay up."Just a minute, I think I've got something else here."The bartender disappears into the back room for a couple of minutes, comes back out and puts a set of bagpipes down on the bar.The octopus moves around it, looking confused, picking up the pipes one at a time and putting them back down until the man says, "what's wrong? Can't you play it?"The octopus says, "play it? If I can figure out how to get its pajamas off, I'm gonna fuck it!"Edit:typo
A man walks into a bar  He goes straight to the bar and asks the barmaid for a beer which she begins to pour, while he's waiting he notices their small food menu to the side: Cheese Sandwich £5Ham Sandwich £5Handjob £5In disbelief he looks up at the barmaid who is absolutely gorgeous and asks "Are you the one who gives the handjobs?", "Yep" she replies with a smile. He checks his wallet for the £5 and says, "Well wash your hands, I want a cheese sandwich."
A pirate walks into a bar He has a ship's wheel right on his crotch.  The bartender asks:"What's the wheel for?"The pirate reply's:"ARRRRRGH, It's drivin' me nuts!"
A man walks into a bar The bartender points to a horse in the corner. "If you can make that horse laugh, you get free drinks all night". The man whispers into the horse's ear and the horse starts roaring with laughter. The astonished bartender makes good on the bet.A week later the same man walks into the same bar. This time the bartender says, "If you can make the horse cry, you get free drinks all week". The man walks up the the horse and the horse starts bawling like a baby.The bartender says "Hey buddy, what's the deal".The man says, "Last week, I told the horse that my dick was bigger than his. This week, I showed him"
A man walks into a bar and asks for a 35 year old scotch. The bartender thinks hes a weirdo off the street, and gives him a 10 year old scotch. The man says, "Sir, this is a 10 year old scotch. I asked for a 35 year old scotch." So the bartender decides to try him and gives him a 20 year old scotch. The man guessed correctly again. By now, a small crowd has formed, and everyone is anxious to see if he will guess correctly again. The bartender comes back with another glass of scotch, and the man tries it. "That's a 35 year old scotch!" The crowd cheers and everyone walks away. A bum walks up to the man and hands him a glass, and asks him to drink. The man takes a sip and spits it out. "DAMNIT! This is piss!" The bum says, " I know. Now tell me how old I am"
A man with a dog and a cat walks into a bar The man, the dog, and the cat all sit down at the bar and the bartender says "What can I get you?" The dog looks squarely at the bartender and says I'll take a vodka, the guy will take a water, and the cat will take a scotch." The bartender looks absolutely shocked at the dog and says "This is AMAZING! You're a dog that can talk..." The guy looks at the bartender, and says "Don't be fooled, the cat is a ventriloquist."
A blind dude walks into a bar. Ouch.
A grasshopper walks into a bar. Bartender says, "Hey, we've got a drink named after you." Grasshopper says, "Why would anyone name a drink Bob?"
A large chunk of ice walks into a bar and places his order. “I’ll take a whiskey on the rocks."The bartender looks at him and says, "I'm sorry, sir, but I can't serve your kids."
A Muslim walks into a bar He then walks out because he can't drink and there are no tight little boys to fuck
So a man walks into a bar and he sees a donkey sitting at the very end. As he sits down to order a drink, he notices a glass jar full of dollar bills with a sign saying "Make the Donkey Laugh."The man orders his drink and asks the bartender "So all I gotta do is make him laugh?"The bartender replies "Sure 'nuff. Just put in a dollar an' have at it." The man finishes his beer, places a dollar in the jar, and walks over to the donkey. He leans over and whispers in the donkey's ear. The donkey starts he-hawing and laughing until he falls on the floor. The man walks up to the counter, grabs the jar of money, and walks out.About a week later, the man returns to the bar and sees that the donkey is once again at the end of the bar and another jar of money is placed on the counter. The man asks "So same deal? Make him laugh?""Naw," said the bartender "This time you gotta make him cry." The man thinks for a moment and orders a beer. After a few swigs, he places a dollar in the jar and walks over to the donkey.While the bartender was turned around he almost missed the man walking out of the bar with the money once again while his donkey sobbed uncontrollably on the bar."Now just a second," said the bartender "I gotta know what you did to my donkey to make him laugh and cry!""Well," said the man "last week I said my dick was bigger than his. Tonight I showed him."
A man walks into a bar with his pet monkey He doesn't have any money so he decides to make a bet. "I bet anyone here, drinks for the night, that my monkey can eat anything you give him." A guy playing pool decides to take the bet and hands the monkey the eight ball from the table. The monkey looks at the ball for a second then swallows it whole. Everyone cheers and they go about partying the night away. A few weeks go by the same guy walks back into the bar with the same monkey. The monkey jumps onto the bar and grabs a peanut from a bowl. He then shoves it up his ass, pulls it out, looks at it, then eats it. The bartender looks at the guy and asks, "WTF was that about?" The man replies," Ohh man, ever since that eight ball, he tests everything!"
A man walks into a bar ....and says "ouch"....
Rocky Rooster walks into a bar and then the is swastika
A pirate walks into a bar with a ships wheel down the front of his pants. The bartender says, "Hey mate, what's with the wheel?"  The pirate responds, "Arg, it's driving me nuts!"
Man walks into a bar with a small wooden box and a genie lamp He sits down and orders a drink. The bartender asks "what's in the box?"  The man asks if there is a piano in the bar. The bartender says yes, so the man opened the box. A small man, about 12" in height, leaps from the box and goes straight to the piano and starts playing some beautiful classics. The bartender is amazed and asks the man where he got the little man. The man replies "I rubbed this damn genie lamp and the genie gave him to me."The bartender asks if he can give the lamp a rub. The man complies and hands him the lamp. The bartender rubs it and out comes this genie. The genie says "I'll grant you one wish and one wish only"  so the bartender thinks for a moment then says "I wish for a million bucks!" The genie says "it is done" and pops back into the lamp. Within a few seconds, a million ducks start flying throughout the entire bar. The bartender says to the man with the lamp "hey! I said a million bucks, not ducks!" The man turns to him and says "what? Do you think I asked for a 12" pianist?"
Man walks into a bar Ouch that hurt.  Man walks under a bar... LIMBO CHAMPION!
So a blind man walks into a bar. At least he thinks so.
So a blind man walks into a bar.. The blind man sits down,  thinking he'd break the ice with the bartender by asking "Wanna hear a blond joke?"In a hushed voice, a man beside him says "Before you tell that joke, you should know our bartender IS blonde, or bouncer is blond, I'm a 6'4" black belt, the man sitting on the other side of me is 6'2, 250lbs, and a rugby player.  The guy sitting next to you is pushing 300, 6'6, and he's a wrestler. We're ALL blond. So you think about it mister, do you really wanna tell that joke?" The blind man sat for a second, thinking over the odds and then replied "No, not if I have to explain it five times." 
Two chemist walks into a bar The first chemist says "A glass of H2O"The second says "A glass of H2O, too"The second chemist died soon after.
A keytar walks into a bar And the barkeeper tells him: 'Get lost, we don't serve your type in here...''Why not?' ask the instrument.'Well, you're obviously off your rocker.'
A penguin walks into a bar and asks "Has my brother been in here?" And the bartender says "I don't know. What does he look like?"
A ham sandwich walks into a bar and asks for a cold one.  The bartender replies, "We don't serve food here".
Man walks into a bar And orders two whiskeys on the rocks. He sits down and drinks the first shot.  He then pours the second shot over his hand.A few minutes later he orders another two shots. He again drinks the first one and pours the second over his hand. A few minutes later he orders another round of drinks. Being curious and a little pissed that the guy was wasting good whiskey the bartender asked, "Are you going to drink the first shot and pour the second over your hand again?""Yes I am", replied the gentleman."Why?", asked the bartenderThe gentleman replied "I am only trying to get my date drunk."
A Roman walks into a bar. ...Holds up two fingers and says "five beers please".
A blowfly walks into a bar. And asks "Is this stool taken?"
Roman Centurion walks into a bar ...holds up two fingers and says, "I'll have five beers, please."
A blind man walks into a bar. And a chair. And a table.
A roman walks into a bar 
A man walks into a bar ...And asks for a Coke'n'Rum. The bartender looks at the man, smiles and says "Here!" and gives the man an apple. The man looks at the bartender oddly, but the bartender urges him to eat it. The man takes a bite out of the apple and says "Wow, this tastes like Coke!" The Bartender says, "Turn it around." The man does as instructed, takes a bite and says "Wow, this tastes like Rum!" Another man walks into the bar and asks for a Screwdriver. The bartender gives him an apple. The man looks at the apple weird, but this time the first guy urges him to try it. He takes a bite and says, "Woah, this tastes like orange juice!" The bartender says, "Turn it around." He does as instructed, and exclaims, "WOAH, this has vodka in it," and the two men et their apples in awe.A third guy walks into the bar, and as he begins to order, he is stopped by two drunks eating apples. The first man tells him "WHATEVER you order...this guy will give you an apple....and it will taste EXACTLY how you want it." The third guy thinks for a moment and says, "Very well. I want some pussy."The bartender smiles and hands him an apple. The guy takes a bite out of it and says, "This tastes like shit.""Turn it around."
A red dot walks into a bar. Period.
A bear walks into a bar and looks at the bartender."Excuse me sir, I'd like to order a...............beer"The bartender says "why the long pause?"..."I don't know, I guess I was born with them"
A polar bear walks into a bar and says to the bartender, "I'll have a gin and uhhh........ tonic.""Sure thing," says the bartender. "But why the big pause?""I don't know," says the polar bear. "I was born with them."
A man holding a large block of asphalt walks into a bar. He says to the bartender, "A beer for me, and one for the road."
A slutty egg walks into a bar. Everyone starts laughing at her. "I don't get it. What's so funny?" she demands.The bartender says, "Well, the yoke's on you."
A guy walks into a bar, and tells the bartender he owns a talking dog The bartender, of course, is skeptical, and says "There is no way you have a talking dog."  The guy replies, "Oh yeah?  I bet you ten thousand dollars I can bring my dog in and he will talk."  The bartender was taken aback, and more skeptical than ever, but shrugged and thought it an easy way to make ten thousand dollars.  "Okay," said the bartender, "but if you bring a dog in here and it doesn't talk, I get to throw you and the dog out the window of my bar."  The two men shake hands, and the guy leaves the bar.  he comes back in a moment later with a big yellow lab on a leash.  He takes the dog up to the bar and puts him on a stool.  He turns to the dog and says, "Now dog, what is that *thing* called that is the top part of a house?"  The dog promptly replies "*WRROOF!*"  The bartender says "No no no, that doesn't count.  Ask him another question."  The guy turns to the dog and says, "Now dog, what is the top part of your mouth called?"  Once more, the dog responds with a booming "*WRROOF!*"  The bartender is getting agitated now.  "Ask the damn dog a real question or quit wasting my time!"  So the guy turns to the dog a third time and says, "Now dog, *who was the greatest baseball player of all time*?"  The dog immediately responds, "*WRROOF!*"  "That DOES it!" says the bartender, now very angry.  Without even asking the guy for the ten thousand dollars first, he picks the guy up and throws him our the window of the bar.  He picks the dog up and throws him our the window of the bar.  So the guy and the dog are dusting themselves off out in the parking lot, and the guy turns to the dog and the dog turns to the guy, and the dog says, "Do you think I should have said DiMaggio?"
Reddit, what's your best/favorite "A _______ walks into a bar" joke? One of my favorites is:A guy walks into a bar.  Above the bar there's a sign that says "Cheese Sandwich $2.00, Handjobs $10.00.  The guy asks the lady behind the bar, "Miss, are you the one who gives the handjobs?"  She says, "Yes I am."  So the guy says, "Then wash your hands and fix me a cheese sandwich!
A horse walks into a bar ...and the bartender asks, "Why the long face?" And the horse replies, "I'm finally starting to realize that my alcoholism is tearing my family apart,"
An Neutron Walks Into a Bar He asks the bartender, "How much for a drink?"The bartender replies, "For you? No charge."
A Roman guy walks into a bar, raises two fingers, and says "I'll take five beers."
A man walks into a bar The bartender says "watch where you're going"
A Roman walks into a bar ... holds up two fingers, and says "Five beers please!"
A piece of string walks into a bar and walks up to the counter.The bartender says, "Sorry mate, we don't serve pieces of string in here, get lost."Upset, the piece of string walks out the door. A sudden thought strikes him. He ties himself in a knot and messes his hair up.He walks back into the bar and approaches the counter. The bartender says, "Oi, aren't you that piece of string from before...?""No," says the piece of string, "I'm a frayed knot."
René Descartes walks into a bar. The bartender says, "Would you like a beer?"Descartes says, "I think not," and vanishes.
A guy walks into a bar and takes a seat next to a huge jar filled with 5 and 10 dollar bills. The guy asks the bartender what the money is for. The bartender tells the man that he has three tasks and if he does them all he gets the money. The guy asks what the first task is and the bartender pulls out a bottle of Tabasco sauce and tells the man that he must drink the entire bottle and keep a straight face. The guy says fuck it and orders a drink instead.After a while and the man has had a couple of drinks he goes up to the bartender and tells him to give him the Tabasco bottle. The guy drinks the bottle, keeps a straight face, and slams the bottle on the counter. "What are the next two tasks?"  the man asks already slurring his words. The Bartender replies "the second is you have to go out in the back and pull the bad tooth out of my rottweiler, then you have to go upstairs a fuck my 80 year old grandmother." The guy is baffled and once again says fuck that and orders more drinks.Once the guy is properly wasted he goes back to the bartender at asks him where the dog is. The bartender points to the back door and the man goes outside. Everyone in the bar is watching the back door as the hear lots of barking and growling and then it goes silent. The man comes back inside and asks the bartender:"Where's the old woman with the bad tooth?"
So a Hispanic man walks into a bar He sees an old cigarette machine and decides to buy a pack. He puts in his change and the machine flashes the words, DIME, DIME, DIME. He looks around and whispers to the machine, Malboro.
A cockroach walks into a bar and says "Is the bar tender here?"
A woman walks into a bar. She asks the bartender for a double entendre, and the bartender gives it to her.  
A man walks into a bar Ouch.
A Man Walks Into A Bar And orders 3 shots for himself. The bartender asks why 3 shots? The man says that he has two brothers overseas and that whenever they drink, they all drink for each other as well. A few weeks later, the same man comes in again and orders 2 shots for himself. The bartender asks the man if something happened to one of his brothers. The man replies "Nah, I've just stopped drinking."
A drunk law undergrad walks into a bar ...the invigilator kicks him out.
WALKS INTO A BAR MONKEY EATS EVERYTHING A guy walks into a bar with his pet monkey. He orders a drink, and while he's drinking, the monkey jumps all over the place, eating everything behind the bar. Then the monkey jumps on to the pool table and swallows a billiard ball.The bartender screams at the guy, "Your monkey just ate the cue ball off my pool table -- whole!""Sorry," replied the guy. "He eats everything in sight, the little bastard. I'll pay for everything."The man finishes his drink, pays and leaves.Two weeks later, he's in the bar with his pet monkey, again. He orders a drink, and the monkey starts running around the bar. The monkey finds a maraschino cherry on the bar. He grabs it, sticks it up his ass, pulls it out and eats it.The bartender is disgusted. "Did you see what your monkey did now?" he asks."Yeah," replies the guy. "He still eats everything in sight, but ever since he swallowed that cue ball, he measures stuff first."
A man walks into a bar He walks in and sits down at the counter. He reads the menu on the wall and see’s:Hot dog $1Hamburger $5Cheeseburger $6Hand job $20He asks the lady behind the bar to come here. When she does, he asks her if she is the one that gives the hand job. Smiling, she says yes she is. He says “ok, then do me a favor. Go wash your hands and get me a fucking cheeseburger.”
A duck walks into a bar He goes up to the bartender and asks, "Got any grapes?" The bartender replies, "No, sorry, this is a bar. We don't have any grapes." The duck turns and leaves. The next day the duck returns to the bar and again asks the bartender, "Got any grapes?" The bartender, slightly flustered at this point, says, "No. This is a bar. We do not have grapes, we have never had grapes, and we will almost definitely never have grapes. The duck turns and leaves. The following day, the duck once again returns to the bar and once more asks the bartender, "Got any grapes?" The bartender shouts, "No! We do not have any grapes! And the next time you ask I swear I will nail your beak to this bar!" The duck quickly waddles away in fright. A day later, the duck cautiously approaches the bar. As the bartender glares, the duck asks, "Got any nails?" With a surprised and confused expression, the bartender replies, "No..." With a pleased expression, the duck responds, "Good. Got any grapes?"
A man happily walks into a bar he then goes up to the barkeep and says: "sir, I'd like to order 4 shots of vodka and a round for everybody!"So the barkeep fulfills his orders and serves the happy man his drink; curious he asks: "hey man, why are you so happy today?""Today's the day that I got into an orgy for the 1st time ever" the man says.The barkeep pours the man another shot and says: "congrats man, here's another on the house!"The man then says: "thanks, but I don't know if that's enough to wash the taste of dick out of my mouth."
A white horse walks into a bar 'Hello' said the barman, 'what can I get you?' 'I'll have a whisky if I may.''Certainly sir, which would you fancy?''Well, I'm not sure, what do you have?''Ah,  let’s see, we have Black & White or Cutty Sark - we even have one named after you sir.''Really? Eric?'
A man walks into a bar with a big slab of asphalt under his arm He goes to the bartender and says,"Two beers mate, One for now and one for the road"
A blind man walks into a bar. And a table. And a chair.
A bear walks into a bar.. *Goes up to the bartender*Bear: "Hi, I'd like a gin...................and tonic."Bartender: "Sure, but what's with the big pause?"*bear looks at own paws*
A hamburger walks into a bar The bartender says we don't serve food here!
A rope walks into a bar And orders and drink.  The bartender says," We don't serve ropes here."  So the rope goes outside, frays his ends, and ties himself into a knot.  He comes back in and once again orders a drink.  The bartender says,"Aren't you that rope I just turned down?"  To which the rope replies, "No, I'm a frayed knot." 
A guy walks into a bar and bets the bartender he can fart the National Anthem the bartender says "You're on buddy! There's no way you can fart the entire National Anthem!" So the guy pulls down his pants and starts crapping all over the bar. The bartender shouts "What the hell are you doing?!" and the guy says "What? Even Pavarotti had to clear his throat."
A blind man walks into a bar And then a chair. And then a table
A man walks into a bar and asks for a beer The bartender asks "Are you 18?"To which the man replies "no"."Sorry, mate, can't serve you if you're not 18""Damn, this keeps happening to me" the man says, "What does a 22 year old have to do to get a beer round here?!"
A polar bear walks into a bar ...bartender says "Hey buddy, what'll ya have?" The polar bear says "Well, I'll just have a... hmm... uh... I'll have a beer." The bartender says "Sure thing, but why the large pause?" 
A woman walks into a bar with a duck under her arm Nice pig says the bartender. It's a duck she says. I was talking to the duck says the bartender.
A pirate walks into a bar ...and he's got a ship's wheel shoved down the front of his pants. The bartender asks him, "Why is there ship's wheel in your pants?"The pirate responds, "YAAARRR! It be drivin' me nuts!" 
Schrödinger's cat walks into a bar… And doesn't.
A skeleton walks into a bar.. Something something beer and mop..
Another Halloween joke. A skeleton walks into a bar He orders a beer, and a mop.
A skeleton walks into a bar and says "Give me a beer and a mop."
Duck walks into a bar, says "got any grapes?"Bartender: "no".Duck leaves and comes right back: "got any grapes?"Bartender: "This is a bar, we don't serve grapes here".Duck leaves and comes right back: "got any grapes?"Bartender: "No, and if you ask me that again, I'll nail your webbed feet to the floor".Duck leaves and comes right back: "got any nails? ...
A man walks into a bar with a giant microphone. He sits it down next to him on a stool and asks the bartender for a drink."Yeah, I'll get ya a drink champ. But first ya gatta tell me about the... uh..." The bartender says, gesturing towards the microphone."Oh yeah, sure" the man replied calmly, " I stole God's Microphone.""I don't believe you." said the bartender, laughing him off."Alright then. Here. I'll show you." He said as he brushed off a thick layer of dust and turned it on.He then cleared his throat and declared, in a very deep, God like voice,"Go fuck yourself."The voice boomed and seemed to emanate from everywhere, the ground, the ceiling, the very air itself reverberated the mans message.The bartender and everyone in the bar stood speechless.After a moment a extremely startled priest runs into the bar."Did'ja just hear that?" asked the bartender."Sure did!" the priest exclaimed, grabbing a patrons drink and downing it, "But that's nothing compared to what the nuns are doing!"
Helen Keller walks into a bar Don't laugh! You would too if you couldn't see or hear.
Sarah Jessica Parker walks into a bar n.
Sarah Jessica Parker walks into a bar ...and the bartender says, "Why the long face?"
A skeleton walks into a bar. He orders a drink, and then asks for a mop. 
Lindsay Lohan walks into a bar, with a one winged, beat up, inebriated parrot on her shoulder The bartender says, "Where did you get that drunk, fucked up bird?"The parrot says, "The Rehab clinic in Malibu."
A Koala walks into a bar Ouch. (had to)...Ok, here's the real joke:A Koala bear walks into a bar, sits down and orders a sandwich and the bartender brings him a sandwich. The Koala eats the sandwich and gets up, spins around, pulls a pistol out of his pouch, shoots the piano player, an proceeds to walk out of the bar. The bartender, in shock, shouts to the Koala, "hey who do you think you are, you ate my sandwich and shot my piano player, and just where do you think your going! The Koala replies, "Hey I'm a Koala. Look it up." The frustrated bartender pulls out a dictionary from behind the bar and looks up Koala: "n. a marsupial that eats shoots and leaves." 
A lawyer walks into a bar exam.I just thought of this one. Not sure if I'm the first.
A panda walks into a bar. He asks the bartender how he can get a little action for the night. The bartender motions to a young woman. She talks to the panda, and they go back to her place. After having sex, the panda abruptly leaves.The next night, the woman goes to the panda's house. "You owe me money," she says."For what?"The woman rolls her eyes and explains, "I'm a prostitute."The panda pulls out a dictionary and looks it up: "Prostitute: Has sex for money."The panda says, "I don't have to pay you. I'm a panda -- look it up." She is about to protest when the bear hands her the dictionary.The woman looks up "panda" in the dictionary. It says, "Panda: Eats bush and leaves."
So  Helium walks into a bar Helium walks into a bar.The bartender says: "We don't serve noble gasses here."Helium doesn't react. 
A beautiful woman walks into a bar She yells' "who can give me nine inches and make it hurt?"No one raised their hands so I said, " I can".She looked at me and told me, "are you sure because if you can't I'll kill you." And she showed me her gun.So I fucked her three times and punched her in the stomach. 
A guy walks into a bar. ....with a pile of shit in his hands and says hey, look what I nearly stepped in...
Guy walks into a bar and asks the bartender to set up a shot, and then another, and then another ...and as soon as he finishes each shot, the guy tells the bartender to  set up another.  After drinking multiple shots, the bartender complies by setting up more but he tells the man, "Hey, you can't drink like this!"The man pauses, looks at the bartender and says, "If you had what I have, you'd drink like I do."After a moment and in a hushed voice the bartender said, "I am so sorry.  What do you have?"The man replied, "Oh, about 45 cents." 
A man walks into a bar Shadily dressed in a trench coat with the collar pulled up and a fedora pulled down over his face. A livid scar runs down his cheek, and his two tone shoes are dangerously polished. In his hands he's carrying an accordion case. The bar falls completely silent. All of the patrons turn pale and freeze as the man strolls up to the bar and sets the case down on the counter. Everyone holds their breath. Suddenly, the man flips open the case and pulls out a machine gun! And everyone in the bar breathes a sigh of relief.
So, a man with a baby newt on his head walks into a barber's And says, "Short back and sides, axolotl off the top."
A pirate walks into a bar ... and sits down to order a drink. The bartender notices something peculiar about the pirate and can't hold in his curiosity."Hey buddy", the bartender says. "Why is there a wheel sticking out the front of your pants?""Yarr", the pirate replies. "I don't know, but it's driving me nuts".
Mike walks into a bar and sees Pat sitting at the end of the bar with a great big smile on his face. Mike says, "Pat, what are you so happy for?""Well Mike, I gotta tell ya... Yesterday I was out waxin' my boat, just waxin' my boat, and a redhead came up to me.. tits out to here, Mike. Tits out to here! She says, 'Can I have a ride in your boat?'I said 'Sure you can have a ride in my boat.' So I took her way out, Mike. I turned off the key and I said 'It's either screw or swim!' She couldn't swim, Mike. She couldn't swim!"The next day Mike walks into a bar and sees Pat sitting at the end of the bar with a even bigger smile on his face. Mike says, "What are you happy about today Pat?""Well Mike.... I gotta tell ya... Yesterday I was out waxin' my boat, just waxin' my boat and a BEAUTIFUL blond came up to me...tits out to here, Mike. Tits out to here! She said 'Can I have a ride in your boat?'I told her 'Sure you can have a ride in my boat.' So I took her way out, Mike. Way out much further than the last one. I turned off the key and I said, 'It's either screw or swim!' She couldn't swim, Mike! She couldn't swim!"A couple days pass and Mike walks into a bar and sees Pat down there cryin' over a beer. Mike says, "Pat, what are you so sad for?""Well Mike, I gotta tell ya.... Yesterday I was out waxin' my boat, justwaxin' my boat, and the most desirable brunette came up to me... tits WAY out to here, Mike. Tits WAY out to here. She says, 'Can I have a ride in your boat?'So I said, 'Sure you can have a ride in my boat.' So I took her way out,Mike, way WAY out... much further than the last two.I turned off the key, and looked at her tits and said 'It's either screw or swim!'She pulled down her pants and.....She had a pecker, Mike! She had this great BIG pecker! ... and I can't swim Mike! I can't swim!"
A man walks into a bar and sits at the counter. As he orders his drink he notices a 12 inch tall man playing a small piano on top of the counter. The man asks the bartender about it ...and the bartender tells him that in the alley next to the bar is a genie who will grant anyone one wish. Excited, the man rushes to the alley and sees a towering genie before﻿ him. The genie asks the man what his wish is, and the man says "I wish for a million bucks!"The genie snaps his fingers, and then out of thin air a million ducks crowd﻿ the alley. Furious over this, the man returns to the bar. "Man, that genie sucks!" the man said, "I asked for a million bucks, and instead I got a million ducks." The bartender looks at the man and says "Well, do you really think I wanted a 12 inch Pianist?"
A Man Walks into a Bar And says to the barman "I'll bet you 200 dollars I can piss into that bottle without spilling a drop". The barman knows it's impossible so he agrees. The man attempts it and pisses all over the bar and completely fails.The barman says " I'll have that 200 dollars now", to which the man says "Sure, one sec." He walks over to some of his friends sitting at a table scowling. They give him something and then he comes back to the barman and hands him the 200 dollars. The barman asks "What was that about over there?".The man says " I bet the guys over there 600 dollars i could piss on the bar without being kicked out."
Joe walks into a bar ...when he comes inside he sees Billy sitting by the bar wearing a huge watch, which is way to big to be comfortable. Joe walks up to him and says "hey Billy, where the hell did you get that watch?"Billy points into the corner and says "do you see the old man sitting in the corner there?""Yeah" says Joe"well, he can grant wishes" BillyJoe gets all excited "like real wishes?"Billy says "yes, but..."but Joe is exited and doesn't let Billy finish, runs to the old man sitting in the corner and asks him "do you grant wishes?""yes, one wish per person" says the old man"all right, I wish that my pockets were always full of money" and suddenly Joe's pockets start bulging out.Joe runs to the bar and says the bartender "bartender, get me 2 beers, 2 shots of tequila and a bottle of whiskey"Joe then reaches into his pockets for his money, but it isn't money, it's all gooey "this is honey, but I asked for money"then Billy says "Do you think I asked for a 12" inch long clock?"
A giraffe walks into a bar He says "High balls on me!"
A beautiful woman walks into a bar ...John, seeing this women is immediately flustered and strikes up a conversation. After much small talk, he asks for her name. She tells him her name is "Carmen". "Thats an interesting name for a woman" says John. "That's not my real name, I actually really dislike my first name so I decided to take two things I like, Cars and Men and add them together to make a new name I liked." said Carmen. "But anyways, What's your name?" John pauses for quite a while and then finally says. "My name is....BJ Tits n' Golf" 
René Descartes walks into a bar The bar tender asks him if he wants a drink, he says "I think not." He then disappears.
A Roman gladiator walks into a bar He holds up two fingers and says "Five beers, please!"
A pedophile, a rapist, and a priest walks into a bar He orders a drink.
A man walks into a bar with a big slab of tarmac/asphalt under his arm The barman asks him, "So what can I get you?""I'll have a pint and eh, one for the road."
A cowboy walks into a bar A cowboy, who just moved to Wyoming from Texas , walks into a bar and orders three mugs of Bud. He sits in the back of the room, drinking a sip out of each one in turn. When he finishes them, he comes back to the bar and orders three more.The bartender approaches and tells the cowboy, "You know, a mug goes flat after I draw it. It would taste better if you bought one at a time." The cowboy replies, "Well, you see, I have two brothers. One is in Arizona , the other is in Colorado . When we all left our home in Texas, we promised that we'd drink this way to remember the days when we drank together. So I'm drinking one beer for each of my brothers and one for myself."The bartender admits that this is a nice custom, and leaves it there.The cowboy becomes a regular in the bar, and always drinks the same way. He orders three mugs and drinks them in turn.One day, he comes in and only orders two mugs. All the regulars take notice and fall silent. When he comes back to the bar for the second round, the bartender says, "I don't want to intrude on your grief, but I wanted to offer my condolences on your loss."The cowboy looks quite puzzled for a moment, then a light dawns in his eyes and he laughs."Oh, no, everybody's just fine," he explains, "It's just that my wife and I joined the Baptist Church and I had to quit drinking."
So, a comma walks into a bar A comma walks into a bar, the bartender says, "do you know what you'll have?" The comma replies, "wait a second." The bartender looks to the end of the bar where a period sits and asks, "can I get you another?" The period says, "All done."
A guy walks into a Barr and Roseanne's like, "Hey! Watch where you're going!"
A grasshopper walks into a bar He walks up to the bar, and takes a seat.  He flags the bartender down and orders a beer.  The bartender does a double take but complies and brings the grasshopper a beer.  After handing him his beer, the bartender says "You know we have a drink named after you"?.  The grasshopper looks up from his beer, shoots the bartender a quizzical look and says "You got a drink named Ted"?
A blonde walks into a bar holding a piece of shit and says "look what I almost stepped in!"
A priest, a rapist and a pedophile walks into a bar He orders a drink
A man walks into a bar ...with a duck on his head. The bartender says, "May I help you, sir?"The duck says, "Yeah. Help me get this human out of my ass." 
A theoretical physicist walks into a bar A theoretic physicists walks into a bar. The bartender says "Hey Buddy, looks like you've had one shitty day." The theoretical physicist replies "Its Feynman".
A cannibal walks into a bar. He walks up to the bartender and asks for a drink. Bartender shakes his head and says "We don't serve cannibals here." He tries to plead with the bartender, but the bartender doesn't give in. An older woman at the bar hears him and with the nastiest attitude tells the cannibal "Get the fuck out of here you whining bitch!" The cannibal grows enraged and kills and eats her for the bartender to witness. With a bloody mouth and flesh hanging from his teeth, he asks "Can I have a drink now?" The bartender shakes his head and says "sorry we don't serve drug users here." The cannibal gets confused. "I'm not a drug user." The bartender replies "Yeah you are. That was a bar bitch you ate."
A man walks into a bar Ouch
A priest, a rapist, and a pedophile walks into a bar. He orders a drink.
A blind guy walks into a bar ...then a table, then a chair, then another chair...
Guy walks into a bar A guy walks into a bar and asks the bartender for a drink. While he sits there he notices a jar full of money on the bar. Next to the jar is a sign that reads, "complete the challenge win the prize." Curious, the guy asks the bartender about the challenge. The bartender explains there are three parts that must be completed. First: Down a gallon of tequila straight in under five minutes. Second: An alligator out back has a terrible tooth and ache and the tooth has to be pulled. Third: Have sex with the dirtiest hooker in the place. The guy thinks it over and he accepts the challenge. He downs the tequila in no time. Then he staggers out back and everyone in the bar hears an awful commotion. Then silence. The guy stumbles back in the door his clothes torn to sheds. He yells, "Now! Where's that hooker with the tooth ache?"
So a guy walks into a bar and says to the bartender "Give me 12 shots of your most expensive Tequila!" The bartender pours the shots and lines them up. The guy starts shooting them back wicked fast, one right after another. The bartender says in shock "Why are you drinking those so fast?!" The guy stops long enough to get out a few words "you would drink these fast too, if you had what I have" Confused, the bartender asks "why? what do you have?"The guy says "About four dollars"
A man walks into a bar with a pork pie on his head.  The barman asks, "Why are you wearing a pork pie on your head?"The man replies, "It's a family tradition. We always wear pork pies on our heads on Tuesday."The barman remarks, "But it's Wednesday."Sheepishly, the man says, "Man, I must look like a real fool."
Girl walks into a bar she asks the bartender for a double entendre, *so he gave her one.*
A pony walks into a bar ... "Give me a drink", he says to the barkeep, "I'm a little hoarse."
A man walks into a bar, sits down and orders a drink. When the bartender brings him the drink he puts his hand to his head as if he's answering a pretend-phone. The man says "Hello? Yeah, okay. No problem," and puts his hand back down.The bartender says "What the hell was that?"The man says "Oh, I had a phone surgically implanted in hand a few years ago.""Bullshit.""Yeah, nobody believes me. What's the bar's phone number?"The bartender tells him the number and the man starts pressing into his palm as if he's dialing a number. The bar's phone rings and the bartender answers. Sure enough, it was the man at the bar on the phone.The bartender says "That's amazing! I've never heard of anything like this! How'd you get this done?""Well, it's a long story. How about this: watch my drink and I'll tell you all about it when I get back from the toilet."The man gets up and goes to the men's room. The bartender calls over a buddy and says "You see that man going to the men's room? He's got a phone literally IN his hand.""Bullshit.""That's what I said. If you don't believe me, why don't you go and ask him about it?"The buddy walks into the men's room to find the man with no pants on and a roll of toilet paper hanging out of his ass. The buddy says "What the fuck is going on?!" to which the man states "Do you mind?! I'm getting a fax."
Pavlov walks into a bar. Ivan Pavlov walks into a bar. The bartender rings the bell for last drinks, and he thinks "shit - I forgot to feed the dog"
So a guy walks into a bar and can barely contain his excitement The bartender says to the guy, "You seem pretty excited. How can I help you, my man?" The dude says, "Give me six shots of the strongest stuff you've got." The bartender replies, "Damn, what's the occasion?" The chap says, "I just experienced my first blowjob!" The server says, "I'll give you another one on the house for that Chief!" The guy says, "It's fine. I think six will get this taste out of my mouth."
A man walks into a bar Ouch....
Pirate walks into a bar As a bartender was cleaning up for the evening as a pirate walked into his bar. This was the most stereo typical pirate the bartender had ever seen. He had an eye-patch over one eye, a peg leg, a parrot on his shoulder, a hook for a hand, and spoke with the usual pirate accent. The only thing that set this pirate apart from all the other pirates the bartender had seen was the GIANT wood steering wheel shoved down the front of his pants. The Pirate approached the bar and shouted "ARR...Barkeep! Give me a whiskey!" The bartender said: "Sure pirate, but first, you have to tell me, what's with the giant steering wheel shoved down the front of your pants?"The Pirate replied: "ARR, I don't know! But it's driving me NUTS!"
A Roman walks into a bar, sticks two fingers up to the barman and says, "Five beers please." 
A man walks into a bar with a dog, and says he'll bets $50 his dog can talk. The bartender, thinking that's ridiculous, takes up his offer. The man asks the dog  "What do you find on top of a house?"  "Roof!" the dog replies.  "Hey, that's not fair, ask it a real question!" says the bartender. The man asks again  "What do you find on a tree?"  "Bark!" answers the dog again.  "Are you kidding me? Ask it something a human could answer or I'm kicking you out." The man asks the dog  'Who's the best baseball player?" The dog replies  "Ruth!" and the bartender angrily kicks them out. Outside, the dog looks at it's owner, and says "DiMaggio?"(Sorry it's kinda lame, but it's one of my favorite)  edit: Thanks for getting me on the front page! I posted it for my cakeday, didn't get the icon until now! Didn't expect it to get so many upvotes!
So a pirate walks into a bar -So a pirate walks into a bar.-The pirate is about to ask for a drink when the bar tender interrupts him saying..-"Excuse me sir but there is a steering wheel sticking out of your pants"-The the pirate says: "Arghh, she's driving me nuts!!"
A TCP packet walks into a bar ... and says to the barmen: “Hello, I’d like a beer.” the barman replies: “Hello, you’d like a beer?” “Yes,” replies the packet, “I’d like a beer.”
Guy walks into a bar.The bar is empty except for a group of blonde women in the far corner chanting. "23 weeks, 23 weeks, 23 weeks"The guy asks the barman for a beer and also asks what's all that about in the corner. Barman says "I have no idea. They've been meeting here every afternoon for the past 23 weeks. They sit silently leaning over the table and never say a word until today."Intrigued, the man wanders over to the group of woman. They are now hugging each other and shaking each others hands and patting each other on the back. Still chanting "23 weeks, 23 weeks, 23 weeks." The asks them "what's all the celebrating about?"One of the woman looks at him and says very proudly "everyone is always saying how blondes are so dumb. Well today we have just proven how intelligent we are."The man says "well tell me, what have you done to prove blondes are intelligent?"The woman says "well on the box of this jigsaw puzzle it says 3 years or up, and we just finished the whole puzzle in 23 weeks"
So we're doing "Roman walks into a bar" jokes? So a Roman walks into a bar and says "I'll have a martinus". The bartender says "Sir, do you mean a martini?" to which the Roman replies "If I wanted a double, I would have asked for one."
So a grasshopper walks into a bar The bartender says, "Hey we have a drink named after you!"The grasshopper replies, "You have a drink named Steve?"favorite corny joke
A hipster walks into a bar ...and asks the hipster bartender for a beer.  Bartender says - we don't serve hipsters... ironically.
A mushroom walks into a bar and sits down The bartender turns to him and says, “Get outta here. We don’t serve your kind.” Mushroom says, “Why not? I’m a fungi.”
A girl walks into a bar and ask the bartender for a double entendre so he gives it to her.
A guy walks into a bar with his pet alligator ...and the bartender says, "Hey! Get that thing outta here!"The guy says, "Wait, wait, he's totally harmless. I've had this alligator since he was a baby and I've trained him to be completely under my control."Dubious, the bartender says, "I don't know if I believe you, and I think it will still scare my customers, so please just leave.""Listen," the man says. "If I can prove it to you and everyone in here that this alligator is completely harmless, will you let me stay and have a drink?"So the bartender agrees, albeit a bit apprehensively, not sure what the man has in mind. The man then commands the alligator to open its mouth and the beast does. The man then sticks his head inside the alligator's gaping maw, and the crowd gasps, but the alligator doesn't bite down. Finally, the man pounds his fist on the top of the alligator's head three times and still the animal's jaws remain open.The man removes his head from the alligator's mouth and says, "See, he's completely harmless. In fact, I can do this trick with anyone! Who here wants to give this a try?"A blonde stands up in the back of the bar and says, "Okay, I'll give it a shot, but please don't hit me on the head that hard."
Guy walks into a bar (yet another) A guy walks into a bar and orders a shot. Before the bartender can finish pouring the shot, the guy swallows it down, slams the glass back down on the bar and says, "gimme another one." The bartender pours him another one, the guy downs it and says, "another." At this point, the bartender is curious so he asks the guy what he's celebrating. The guy downs the third shot and replies, "my first blowjob."The bartender gets excited and replies, "that's great! The next shot is on me." To which the guy replies, "that's okay, the first three didn't get rid of the taste in my mouth."
Guy walks into a bar. (yes another one) Guy walks into a bar and orders 10 shots of tequila "line em up".Guy starts slamming the shots one after the other.Bartender says "Hey, slow down buddy!"Guy says "No way, If you had what I had you'd be drinkin' this fast too."Bartender says "Oh, I'm sorry. I didn't know. What have you got?"Guy takes another shot and says " Oh, about 75 cents."
A man walks into a bar An Irishman man walks into a bar in New York City. He orders three whiskeys. The bartender pours him one and says, "Lemme know when you want the next one." But the man says, "I think you've misunderstood me. I'd like all three at once." The bartender pours two more drinks. The man drinks down the three drinks, pays, and leaves.This goes on almost every night for a couple of weeks. Finally the bartender asks the man why he orders three drinks at a time, since there's no real advantage to it. So the man tells him, "When I left the auld sod I promised my two brothers that whenever I sat down to take a taste of the creature, I'd order one for me and one for each of them. That's why I order three at once." It makes sense to the bartender, so he's satisfied.The man keeps coming back almost every night for more than a year. He and the bartender get to know each other pretty well. Then one day, the man orders only two drinks. This goes on for a couple weeks, but the bartender is afraid to ask if anything happened to one of the brothers. Finally, the man comes into the bar and only orders two drinks, again. The bartender figures he has to ask, and summons up the courage to say, "I noticed you've been ordering only two drinks for the last few weeks. Is everything allright with your brothers?" The man looks at the bartender, puzzled, then realizes what he is implying. He smiles and says, "Yes! My brothers are fine, but I've given up drinking for Lent."
A duck walks into a bar and asks the bartender, "got any grapes?" to which the bartender replies "nah sorry mate, we don't have any grapes." The next day the duck walks in and asks the bartender "got any grapes?" and the bartender looks at him and says "no I told you yesterday we don't have any grapes here." The following day the duck walks into the bar and asks the bartender "got any grapes?" At this point the bartender loses his temper and says he'll nail the duck to the floor if he asks again. The fourth day the duck walks in and asks the bartender "got any nails?" Surprised, the bartender says "no, why do you ask?" and the duck says "gooood! got any grapes?"
A blind man walks into a bar and into a table, and into a chair...
So a Mormon walks into a bar.. 
So a pirate walks into a bar with a ship's wheel shoved down his pants and the bartender asks "What's that ship's wheel doing down your pants?!"The pirate replies: "Arr, I dunno, but it's drivin' me nuts!"Crossposted from r/dadjokes
Schrodingers cat walks into a bar with no windows alone eventually he walks out drunk and sober.
So René Descartes walks into a bar The bartender asks, "Do you want a beer?"Descartes responds, "I think not!"poof. he disappeared
Schroedinger's cat walks into a bar and doesn't.
A Snowman walks into a bar ...The Batender gets angry and yells "WHY THE FUCK DOES EVERYTHING WEIRD END UP IN MY BAR?"
A pirate walks into a bar with a steering wheel on his pants The bartender looks over and says, "Get the fuck out of my bar, we're sick of hearing this goddamn joke."
A pirate walks into a bar with a steering wheel on his pants The bartender ask, "Doesn't that bother you?"The pirate says,"Arrrgh, it's driving me nuts"
So a horse walks into a bar And the bartender says, "why the long face?"  To which the horse replies, "I'm a raging alcoholic and it's destroying my family."
A panda walks into a bar. He asks the bartender how he can get a little action for the night. The bartender motions to a young woman. She comes over and talks to the panda, and eventually the two of them go back to her place.   After having sex, the panda abruptly leaves.  The next night the woman goes to the panda's house. "You owe me money," she says.  "For what?" says the panda.  The woman rolls her eyes and explains, "I'm a prostitute."  The panda pulls out a dictionary and looks it up: "Prostitute: Has sex for money."  The panda says, "I don't have to pay you. I'm a panda -- look it up." She is about to protest when the bear hands her the dictionary.  The woman looks up "panda" in the dictionary.  It says, "Panda: Eats bush and leaves." 
A lady walks into a bar Sits down and says to the bartender "give me a double."He asks "what'll it be?"She replies "make it an entedre."So he gave it to her. 
A bear walks into a bar and says "Bartender, bring me a beer."  The bartender says "We don't serve bears beer in this bar."  The bear says "Bartender, you better bring me a beer or I'm going to eat that lady over there."  The bartender says "We don't serve bears beer in this bar."  The bear eats the lady and says "So?"  The bartender says "We don't serve drug addicts."  "Drug addicts," says the bear.  "I'm not a drug addict!"  "Well, that was a bar bitch you ate."
A guy walks into a bar With a suitcase in each hand and orders a drink, carefully placing his suitcases on the bar. The barman notices that these suitcases have holes in the top so gets a little curious. "What's in the suitcases" he asks the guy. The guy sips his drink and looks slyly at the barman. "Would you believe me if I told you it was a hamster that could play the piano?"The barman bursts out laughing. "Yeah right, sure.""Bet you $50 I've got a hamster that can play the piano in here" he says. "Sure" says he barman, "let's see him"The guy opens up his suitcase and pulls out a little stool, and a tiny little grand piano and a hamster, placing them all on the bar. The hamster sits on the stool and sure enough begins playing the most beautiful piece of piano that the barman has ever heard. The hamster finishes his dramatic piece and the barman, astounded, hands over his $50. "That was amazing! But what's in the other suitcase?"The guy gives the barman that same sly look. "Would you believe me if I told you it was a singing frog?" The guy asks. "Now you're having me on!" The barman says. "I'll bet you $100 that I've got a singing frog in the other one" the guy says. The barman agrees so the guy opens up the suitcase and pulls out a frog and sits him next to the hamster. The hamster begins to play again and all of a sudden the frog begins to sing along with the most amazing operatic voice that the barman has ever heard. The barman, blown away, pays the guy the money. A guy at the end of the bar has been watching the whole display and approaches the man. "That's quite an amazing duo you have there. I'll pay you $1000 for that frog."The guy agrees so the man pays him and walks away with the frog. "What did you do that for?!" The barman asks. "You could have made millions with that frog!"The guy gives the barman that same look. "Nah, the hamster is the real money maker, he's a ventriloquist too." 
A woman walks into a bar and sits down next to a guy. The guy orders a beer, drinks it, then goes up to the roof of a ten story building and jumps off. Miraculously, he slowly flies back down to the ground. The woman, now amazed, asks, "How did you do that?" The guy replies by saying "It's this beer; it's magic." The girl then orders a beer, chugs it down, and goes up to the roof of the same ten story building. She jumps off and falls to her death. The bartender then looks at the guy and says, "Superman, you're such a dick when you're drunk."
Sven walks into a bar ... and sees his friend Bjorn sitting alone at a table.  He orders a vodka, and sits down opposite him.  Bjorn looks up and nods. Sven nods back.They sit like this, not speaking, for hours, waving to the barman when more vodka is required.Eventually Sven says, "Snow again."Bjorn replies,  "Look, if you're going to chat all night, then I'm going to have to find another bar."
So a man walks into a bar He says to the bartender, "I bet you $100 that I can piss into that glass over there without missing a single drop."The bartender looks at the glass and sees it's a good 10 ft. away so he said, "Young man, you've got yourself a bet."So the man unzips his pants and lets loose. He's pissing everywhere. All over the bar, the tables, the bar stools, everywhere. The bartender is laughing with piss dripping down his face and he says, "Son, you just lost $100." The young man seems to not care and tells the bartender to wait a second while he walks over to the pool table where a few people are playing and talks to them for a while. He comes back, sets the money on the table. The bartender asks him why he seems so happy that he lost the bet. They man says, "You see those guys over there? I bet them $500 each that I could piss all over your bar, and not only would you not be mad, you'd be happy."
A man walks into a bar and says to the barman  "Give me a shot of vintage 20 year single malt whiskey"The bartender thinks "This fool doesn't know what he is talking about, Ill give him the well whiskey"On taking a sip, the man spits it out and says "that is disgusting - I said the 20 year whiskey!"The bartender decides to test him and gives him a glass Of 10 year old whiskey. The man takes a sip and spits it out saying "that was better but it's still not 20 year whiskey!"Impressed, the bartender takes down the top shelf whiskey and serves it. The man takes a sip and says "LOVELY - just what I wanted!"Watching all this from the end of the bar is a drunk who staggers over with a glass. He says to the man "that was very impressive.  Tell me what you think of this?"The man takes a sip and vomits it to the floor and screamed "that is awful, what was it?"The drunk says "I just pissed in that glass. How old am I ?" 
A man walks into a bar with a piece of green tarmac on his head The landlord says to the rest of the customers:"Don't talk to him! He's a **cycle path**!"Ba Dum Tss!
So Helen Keller walks into a bar . . . . . . then she walks into a table, she knocks over a lamp, barks her shins on the ottoman, spills a drink . . . it's fine I'll show myself out.
An old Irishman walks into a bar. Upon seating the bartender walks down to the old fellow and asks him what he'd like to drink. "I'll have 3 Guinness, one for me and two for me sons back home in Ireland." The bartender considers his request and pours and sets 3 pints in front of the old guy. The old man slowly drinks all three Guinness and leaves. This goes on for several months. One day the Irishman orders two Guinness. The bartender has learned a little about the old man and his sons and feels he has come to respect the old man and is concerned. "I don't mean to intrude or get personal," says the bartender, "but I couldn't help but notice you only ordered two Guinness today. Are both your sons okay?"The old man looks to the bartender with a smile and says,"That's mighty kind of ya lad. My sons are fine. I just quit drinking."
A three legged dog walks into a bar Goes up to the bartender and says "I'm lookin' for the man who shot my paw."
A duck walks into a bar and asks the bartender, "Got any grapes"He says "No, why?" The duck just walks awayThe next day he comes back and asks for the same thingThe bartender says, annoyed, "No, we didn't have any yesterday, and won't have them tommorow, or ever"The duck just walks awayThe next day the duck asks for grapes againThe bartender, steaming angry at this point yells "LOOK DUCK! I'VE TOLD YOU 2 TIMES ALREADY, WE DON'T HAVE GRAPES. IF YOU ASK FOR GRAPES AGAIN, ILL NAIL YOU TO A WALL"The duck looks at him for a minute then says "Got any nails?"The bartender, confused, says "No... why?"The duck then says "Good. Got any grapes?"
A man walks into a bar He sees a sign that says "Make the horse laugh, win a 100$." Figuring that he could make some conversation, he asked the bartender "What's the deal with that sign?"To which the bartender replies "Well, there's a horse out back, if you can make him laugh, I'll give you a 100$"The man, up for the challenge, goes out back and finds the horse and whispers into its ear and within seconds the horse can't stop laughing. He walks back into the bar and spends his 100$ on a free round for everyone in the bar. (Small bar, cheap drinks) He comes back to the bar the next day and sees a new sign "Make the horse cry, win 1000$" he asks the bartender for a drink and if its okay to try the contest again. The bartender says sure thinking the chances are unlikely. The man goes out and shows the Horse something and the horse starts sobbing his eyes out. He walks back in and takes his 1000$ and has a few drinks and gives everyone a free round again."I gotta ask, how'd you do it?" Says the bartender. "Well to make him laugh, I told him my dick was bigger than his, to make him cry, I showed him."Edit: this is my favorite joke ever that my dad told me when I was probably 11. I normally hate long jokes but this is a classic. 
A virus walks into a bar. The bartender says, "Sorry, I don't serve viruses". The virus turns him into the kind of bartender that does. (Heard from Neil DeGrasse Tyson on his star talk show)
So a centaur walks into a bar The bartender says, "Hey, how's the sore throat?"The centaur replies, "My throat isn't horse but my legs are."
An Atheist Walks Into A Bar An Atheist walks into a bar with God, Thor, and Zeus.The bartender looks at him and says"Drinking alone again, I see..."
A termite walks into a bar and asks is the Bar Tender here?
A guy walks into a bar, all battered and bruised It looked like he'd just gone 10 rounds with the Klitschko brothers. Blood everywhere."God's balls, son, what happened to you?" said the barman."Well, I was about to come into the bar when I slipped on a dog turd on the pavement just outside," explained the customer."But you're covered in bruises and blood," said the barman. "That can't have happened just from falling over.""Well, no," said the customer. "I'd picked myself up and was dusting off my jacket when a Hell's Angel came along and he slipped in the turd and fell over as well. So I told him "I just did that.'"
So a man walks into a bar And he sits down to have a drink, as he's drinking he spots a jar with money in it and asks the bartender what it's for. The bartender responds "oh its a challenge, if you can make the horse in the back laugh you can keep the money it's only five bucks to try."  the man thinks about it and pays the five bucks. He comes back five seconds later with the horse laughing like crazy he picks up the jar and leaves. This went on for two more days and finally the bartender changes the challenge to making the horse cry. The man comes in and sees the change thinks about it and goes out, five seconds later he comes in and the horse is crying! Amazed the bartender asks "how did you do it" to which the man replies "on the first two days i told him my dick was bigger than his and today i showed him" :)
A six sided man walks into a bar and orders a gon. The bartender says, "What the heck's a gon?"
An Irishman walks into a bar An Irishman walks into a Dublin bar, orders three pints of Guinness, and drinks them down, taking a sip from one, then a sip from the next, until they're gone. He then orders three more.  The bartender says, "You know, they'd be less likely to go flat if you bought them one at a time."The man says, "Yeah, I know, but I have two brothers, one in the States, one in Australia.  When we all went our separate ways, we promised each other that we'd drink this way in memory of the days when we drank together.  Each of these is for one of my brothers and the third is for me."The bartender is touched, and says, "What a great custom!"The Irishman becomes a regular in the bar and always orders the same way.One day he comes in and orders two pints.  The other regulars notice, and a silence falls over the bar.  When he comes to the bar for his second round, the bartender says, "Please accept my condolences, pal."The Irishman says, "Oh, no, everyone's fine.  I just joined the Mormon Church, and I had to quit drinking."
Gold walks into a bar So gold walks into a bar and than the bartender says AU get out! I show myself out...
A guy walks into a bar for the very first time As he sits down, the bartender makes him a deal. He can drink at his bar for free from then on if he first drinks and entire bottle of whiskey, pulls a single tooth from an alligator in the back of the bar, and gives a woman her first orgasm. The man proceeds to drink the entire bottle of whiskey before the bartender. Impressed, the bar tender shows the man to a room in the back with an alligator in it. After being in the room for a fairly long time, and after hearing several loud noises coming from the room, the man stumbles out of the room and says "Alright, where's the woman that needs her tooth pulled?!"
A Ham Sandwich Walks Into A Bar  A ham sandwich walks into a bar and the bartender yells out, "Hey! We don't serve ham sandwiches here." To which the ham sandwich replies, "That's okay, I just wanted a drink."
A drunk man walks into a bar He is so drunk that he can barely see straight. When he asks the bartender for a drink, the bartender refuses. The drunk pleads, "Please, I'll do anything!" The bartender thinks about it then points to the drunk sailor in the corner who won't leave, "You have to get him out of here.  I would but he is too big for me to handle.  If you get him out I will sell you a drink." The drunk gets up and wrestles the drunk sailor out the door and pays for his drink. "Now I want another!" says the drunk. The bartender thinks for a little bit and replies, "This time you have to do two things.  Feed my crocodile and screw my wife.  My croc is hungry and my wife wants it too damn much."  The drunk promptly gets up and heads for the crocodile. A little while later the drunk comes out all scratched up and yells at the bartender, "What does your wife eat?"
Helium walks into a bar The bar man says, "Hey! We don't serve your kind!" Helium doesn't react. 
Adolf Hitler walks into a bar The bartender notices him and asks, "Hey Hitler, didn't you snuff it in the second world war? What are you doing here?"""Yeah, I guess I did, but now I'm back. I've come here to kill six million more Jews and eight anteaters.""Why on earth would you want to kill eight anteaters?" the bartender asks."I knew nobody would care about six million Jews."
A man walks into a bar. ...sits down, orders a beer, and begins to gaze longingly at the barmaid. The barmaid hands him the beer, returns the stare and says..."Take a pitcher, it'll last longer."
A man walks into a bar and orders two beers He then explained to the bartender "one of these beers is for me, and the other for my buddy that saved my live during the war who lives across the ocean." The bartender, honored by the veteran, gladly provides the beers and the man drinks them both.Every Tuesday for fifty years this man would come to the same bar and order the two drinks. However, one night the man comes in, looking sad. He tells the bartender "Only one beer tonight please."The bartender and the regular customers are shocked and saddened. The bartender brings him his drink and says "I'm sorry about your friend".The man replies "Oh, my buddy is fine, I just converted to Mormanism."
A skeleton walks into a bar and orders a beer and a mop.
A hamburger walks into a bar The bartender says, "Sorry, we don't serve food here."
So A flat walks into a bar . . . And the bartender looks up and says, "G you're looking sharp."
A Jets fan walks into a bar with his dog. The bartender says, "Hey bud, no pets allowed in here."The man says, "But wait! This is a special dog, you have to turn on the game to see. When the Jets score, my dog does flips!"Sure enough, when the bartender turns on the game, the Jets make a few field goals and the dog starts flipping and jumping after each kick."Wow," said the bartender, amazed, "that's great! What does he do when they score a touchdown?""I don't know, I've only had him for two years." 
A lion walks into a bar (x-post from r/punny) The lion sees a good-looking lady dog across the room and decides to approach. She's not interested, so the lion gets all mad (like lions tend to do, I guess) and eats the dog in one big bite.Later on, the lion is back at the bar and orders a drink. He remarks to the bartender, "Man, I'm feeling really tired today."And the bartender says, "Maybe it was that barbiturate."
A guy walks into a bar and orders an Ovechkin (Hockey joke) The bartender looks confused and asks "What the hell is an Ovechkin?" The guy says "It's a White Russian with no ice and no cup!"
A man walks into a bar and sees a Iguana and a Lizard on the bar He sits at the bar to order a drink and as he does this the Lizard says to the man "Hello there". The man is astonished by this, he says to the barman "That's amazing how much will you sell him for?". The barman replies "£5000". The man writes a cheque out and takes the lizard home. A man further down the bar says to the barman "Why did you sell the Lizard you could make more from TV appearances". The barman replies "The Lizard can't talk the Iguana's a ventrillioquist" 
A woman walks into a bar and says to the bartender, "I'd like a beer please."The bartender asks, "Anheuser Busch?"She responds, "Just fine thanks, and how's your cock?"
A Polar Bear walks into a bar ... he says to the server, "Hello, I'd like some fish and chips.."The server says, "We don't serve polar bear here."The Polar Bear says, "Oh Thank God."
A bear walks into a bar He walks up to the counter.The bartender says "What can I get you?" The bear replies "I'll have a gin............and tonic."The bartender says "What's with the pause?"The bear says "These? Had em my whole life."
A panda walks into a bar Panda sits down and starts eating some peanuts out of a dish on the bar. A few minutes later, he pulls out an uzi and starts firing at all the customers. Panda gets up, and lumbers out of the bar.A few days later, the same panda walks back into the same bar. He sits at the bar and starts having some pretzels. A few moments later he pulls out a shotgun, and BLAM! BLAM! More dead customers, and off our panda goes into the night.A week later, same panda, same bar. Panda sits down, picks up a handful of macadamia nuts, and the bartender says, "Hey! Panda! What the hell do you think you're doing? I've barely got any customers left after what you've done. You've got a lot of nerve coming back in here."The panda eats a few more nuts and stares blankly at the bartender.The bartender yells, "Well don't you have anything to say for yourself?!?"The panda stands up and says, "What can I say? I'm a panda. Look it up." Pulls out and AK-47, kills everyone but the bartender, and out the door he goes.The bartender is beside himself, but the panda has piqued his curiosity. He goes and gets an encyclopedia. He opens to the entry on pandas and reads: Panda: Mammal. Eats Shoots and Leaves.Edit for spelling
A pirate walks into a bar and sits. He is dressed as a stereotypical pirate, with a hook hand, peg leg, eyepatch, and a parrot on his shoulder. As the bartender prepares his drink, he asks, "What happened to your hand?" The pirate replies, "I was sparring with me crew and one cut off me hand." Bartender: "What about your leg?" Pirate: "We were boarding an enemy ship and one guy went and cut off me leg." Bartender: "And the eyepatch?" Pirate: "Well, Polly pooped in me eye." The bartender exclaims, "That doesn't make you lose an eye!" The pirate sighs and says, "It was me first day with the hook."
A girl walks into a bar, asks the bartender for a double entendre. Then he gave it to her.
Guy walks into a bar and sees a pirate with a steering wheel sticking out of his pants. Intrigued, the man approaches and inquires "whats with the steering wheel?" to which the pirate responds, "Arrr, its drivin' me nuts!"
A ventriloquist walks into a bar with a rooster on a leash He unzips his pants and his takes out his penis. His penis asks the bar man for a drink. The man next to the ventriloquist at the bar sees and says "That's incredible! You can make your cock talk!" The rooster then says "you should see what I can do with my penis"
A duck walks into a bar The bartender says "Hey, your pants are down."
A grasshopper walks into a bar. The bartender says, "Hey, you know we've got a drink named after you!" The grasshopper says. ...Ralph? 
A man walks into a bar And has the bartender line up 5 shots.  The man takes all 5 shots in under a minute to the bartender's surprise."Wow, what's the occasion?" the bartender asks. "First blow job," the man replies with a slight grin."Congrats! The next one's on me," the bartender offers"No thanks. If 5 shots haven't gotten the taste out of my mouth, I doubt the 6th will"
A tourist walks into a bar in Ireland He takes a seat at the bar next to a weather worn fellow. The man next to him, clearly intoxicated, turns to him and says "You see this bar? I built this bar, but do the call me Seamus the bar maker? No. Do you see that wall outside, the one that stretches as far as you can see? I built that wall, but do they call me Seamus the wall maker? No. Do you see that Church outside, the one that rises as far as the eye can see? I built that church, but do they call me Seamus the church maker? No. But you fuck one sheep..."
A pirate walks into a bar A Pirate walks into a bar with a steering wheel in his pants.He sits down at the bar and orders a drink. As the bartender pours his drink he asks him why there's a steering wheel in his pants. The prate replies, "Arrrr it's drivin me nuts."
A blind man walks into a bar ...and after managing to find himself an empty seat at the bar he orders a pint.Bartender fills the pint and as it is being placed in front of the blind man says, "hey Bartender, wanna hear a dumb blonde girl joke?"Bar goes silent."Hey man," the Bartender says, "you're blind so there is a few things you should know before you tell your joke. You are in a dike bar, the only one in town actually, and many of us are blonde. I am blonde. Sid the biker chick next to you is blonde and so is her girlfriend. The bouncer is also blonde along with the 2 chicks behind you playing pool. Do you really want to tell that joke?""Nah, you're right." says the blind man, "I would have to explain it too many times."edit: spelling
A guy walks into a bar, sits down and orders a beer. As he is sitting there he catches sight of the guy sitting next to him and notices the man looks exactly like Adolf Hitler. The man ignores this at first and quietly drinks his beer. After some time his curiosity gets the better of him, so he turns to the man and says, "Has anyone ever told you that you look just like Hitler?" To the guy's surprise, the man turns right to him and says in a thick German accent, "That is because I am Hitler." The guy just laughs this off and takes another drink, but the stranger keeps his serious expression and says, "It is true, I am Hitler. The allies thought I killed myself, but I escaped and moved here to lie low." The guy is understandably stunned, so putting his drink down he asks Hitler, "If it's true, and you're Hitler, then you're the most hated man alive--you killed six million Jews!""Well yes," says Hitler, "but nobody cares about the Jews anyway."They argue for a while after that about whether anyone cares about the Jews, before Hitler finally says, "Tell you what. I'll prove to you right now that no one cares about the Jews. I will go around the world right now, round up six million more Jews, and kill every single one of them. Then I will find one clown, and I will kill him too."Puzzled, the man asks, "Well what would you kill the clown for?"Then Hitler points at him and says, "See? You didn't care about the Jews either!"
Unemployed musician walks into a bar ...and asks if they need a house musician to entertain the patrons.  The manager told him to go ahead and show what he's got at the piano onstage.  So the man proceeds to play one of the most wonderful original songs the folks there had ever heard.  It took everyone by surprise and he got a hearty round of applause.On lady stood up and said, "That was wonderful!  What's the name of that tune?"The musician said, "I call that one 'Throw Your Tits Up on the Bar So I Can Smash Your Nipples with a Hammer."So they finsish applauding and he kicks in with a song that's even better than the first one, and by now, he's being given a standing ovation.  At this point, a man hollers out, "Buddy, that's the best song I've ever heard! What's the name of that song??"The musician responds, "I wrote that for a bartender buddy of mine and it's called 'Throw Your Ass Up in the Air I Wanna Stick a Carrot in It'."By now, there's near pandemonium, and the piano man announces, "Folks, I really appreciate the response and reactions.  Tell you what, I'm gonna go use the facilities and I'll come back and play you so more of my original stuff!"  So he leaves for the latrine, and he happens upon the manager who tells him, "Kid, you're the best musician I've seen in person.  Tell you what, you're hired if you do me a favor."The guy says, "Excellent! Thank you, and anything you want, sir!"The manager explained that this was a family bar and grill, and if he wouldn't mind altering the suggestive titles of some of his songs so as to not offfend some clientele.The player says, "For you, no problem. I just really appreciate the opportunity."The he proceeds to the bathroom, does his thing and as he walks out, he happens upon the manager again, he looks below the musician's belt line and exclaimed, "Hey! Do you know your dick's hanging out and dripping?"The musician looked that man straight in the eye and said, "Do I know it? Hell, I wrote it!"
A bear walks into a bar.. A bear walks into a bar and asks the barman for "One Corona, two margaritas and.........a lemonade". The barman replies "Sure, but why the big pause?". The bear looks down and says "That's the way I am".
So, a man walks into a bar ... Upon entering said bar, the man notices a jar full of cash on the table."What's all this money for?", asked the man.The bartender replied, "Well, if you can make my horse laugh, it's all yours.""Alright, where's the horse?""In the back room.""Thanks."The man then enters the room. A few minutes later, the man comes out with the horse cracking up with laughter."Holy crap!" The bartender was so shocked, he could barely think of any words to say. "Well, a deal's a deal." The man then took the money, and left the bar.The next day, he returns to the bar. The man spots yet another large jar of cash."Alright, what's THIS jar for?""All the money in this jar says you can't make my horse cry.""Alright, fine. The horse?""Still in the back room."The man walks into the room. He shortly returns, the horse next to him in hysterics, sobbing with such vigor."Okay, what the hell, I've gotta' know how you did all this; what's your secret?""Well, to make the horse laugh, I told him I had a bigger dick than him.""Aha...?""Aaaaand to make him cry, I showed him."
A whale walks into a bar and sits down. Then your mom orders a drink.
Man walks into a bar with a giraffe The giraffe goes to sleep on the floor. The bartender says, "Aye, what's that lyin' there?" The man says, "It's not a lion, it's a giraffe!"
A man walks into a bar(note: better told than read) A man (Bill) walks into a bar, and takes a ten-inch pianist out of his pocket, and puts it on the bar. The Pianist then starts to play Mozart's 7th perfectly. Another man (Jim) walks up to Bill and says, "Wow, that's amazing! where'd you get him?" Bill says, "There's this genie down the street that will grant you one wish, but just a warning, he's a little hard of hearing". Jim then goes to the genie and says, "I wish for a million bucks." suddenly a million ducks fall from the sky. Jim says to the genie, "I wished for a million BUCKS, not ducks!" The genie just shrugs, and walks back into his house. Jim then goes back to the bar, and says to Bill, "I wished for a million bucks, but all I got was a million ducks!" Bill says, "Well ya. Do you really think I wished for a ten-inch pianist." 
Bear walks into a bar and orders a beer A bear walks into a bar and orders a beer.The bartender says "Wait just a minute! We don't serve no bears no beer in this here bar!"Bear leaves and comes back the next day. Same song, 2nd verse. Bear orders a beer and the bartender says "I told you yesterday! We don't serve no bears no beer in this here bar!" The bear walks out again.Bear comes in third day in a row, but there's a lady screaming at the bartender. She goes on and on and on until finally the bear eats her. Bear walks up to the bartender and this time orders a bourbon.Bartenders says, "We don't serve no druggie bears in this bar!"Bear says "Druggie bear? I don't do drugs, I just want a bourbon!"Bartender says, "But wasn't that a barbitchyouate?"
A black man walks into a bar and robs it. 
A horse walks into a bar, and the bartender asks- "why the long face?". The horse then replies: "I found out I have AIDS."
A jumper cable walks into a bar and the bartender says "I'll serve you but don't start anything"
A ham sandwich walks into a bar ...and asks for a drink. The bartender replies, "We don't serve food here."
A Rabbi walks into a bar with a parrot on his shoulder. Confused, the bartender asks, "Where did you get that??"The parrot replied, "Oh him? New York."
A woman walks into a bar on the top floor of a skyscaper and asks the bar tender for his best drink. A man at the end of the bar spoke up and says 'you gotta try the beer. Its magic! I'll show you.' He grabs his beer, chugs it, runs over to the window and jumps out. The woman gasps and runs to the window so see the man fly around the building and right back in. She is so amazed she gets a beer, chugs it down, jumps out the window, and SPLAT, hits the groundThe bar tender looks up at the man and says, 'Superman, you're an asshole when you're drunk.'
A Chinese man walks into a bar and the bartender says, " Why the Wong face?"
A black man walks into a bar "Why the wrong face?" the bartender says.
Helium walks into a bar ...and the bartender says to him, "We don't serve Noble gasses here!". Helium... doesn't react.
A snake walks into a bar And the bartender yells, "How the fuck did you just walk in here?!"
A pirate walks into a bar Hook hand, peg-leg, eye-patch, the whole nine yards. He's decked out in his best pirate garb and just strolls into this pub. The modern folks in the bar are stunned and amused, but only one brave patron approaches,"Are you really a pirate?" he asks"Aye, lad, that I am. Captain Killigan at yer service.""Wow, so is all this stuff real? The hook and the leg and all?""Aye, aye, and I'll tell ye the story of 'em all for a drink."Eager to hear his story, the man buys the pirate a drink and sits to listen."Well, first, me leg. Aye, 'twas a great gale in the midst of the Atlantic, and one of my men and fallen over board after a rogue wave hit the ship. I was haulin' him in off the netting when I great white shark leapt out of the water and bit me leg off at the knee...""Wow," says the bar patron, "that's amazing! And your hand?""Aye, me hand... We were searchin' fer buried treasure off'a the Florida Keys, when while hackin' through the brush, I stumbled upon a great alligator who was right bothered about me beein' there. I fought the beast valiantly, but the bastard took me hand...""Oh this is incredible!" The man exclaims, "So the eye-patch...how's you lose the eye?"The pirate pauses, a little reticent to reveal this last injury..."Well...a seagull pooped in me eye...""What? Seagull poops in your eye and now you need an eye-patch?""Aye...T'was me first day with the hook..." 
A midget walks into a bar and slips on a pile of shit. A couple of minutes later, a huge tough guy walks into the bar and slips on the pile of shit. The midget says to the big guy, "I just did that", and the big guy punches the midgets lights out.
A hamburger walks into a bar (don't know if repost) And the bartender says "sorry but we don't serve food here"!
Vampire walks into a bar he asks the bartender for a cup of hot water.  The bartender looks at him and says "I thought you only drank blood."  The vampire takes out a used tampon and says "I'm making tea."
A duck walks into a bar (kind of long) A duck walks into a bar and asks if they serve food, the bartender, a bit taken aback by the talking duck, pauses before replying "Yeah, what would you like?""I'll just have a burger and a pint please" replied the duck.The next day the duck returns and orders the same, this happens every day for a few weeks.One day, just after the duck has left, the owner of a travelling circus enters the bar for a drink, while there the bartender says "Hey, I'm sure you'd be interested in this, every day there's a talking duck come in here for lunch!""Really? That would be an excellent addition to my circus!" replies the man, "Tell him to call me on this number if he comes back tomorrow." and he hands the bartender a card.The next day, sure enough, the duck returns for his food and the bartender tells him about the man from the circus."The circus?" says the duck."Yes!" exclaims the bartender."Big tent? Pole up the middle?" asked the duck."Yes!" says the bartender confused.The duck goes quiet for a moment and says "So what the hell does he need a plasterer for?"
So a pope, a pedophile, and a rapist walks into a bar He asks for a drink.^^^^Take ^^^^as ^^^^much ^^^^time ^^^^as ^^^^you ^^^^need ^^^^to ^^^^think ^^^^about ^^^^it...
A white man walks into a bar with his horse And says,"I'll give a 100$ to a man who can make my horse laugh." Nobody says anything except for the native man in the back,"I can" he says and brings the horse out of the bar. A little bit later he brings him back in and the horse is laughing. The white man gives him 100$ and leaves. The next day the same white man walks into the bar and says, "I'll give 100$ to a man who can make my horse cry." Nobody says anything except for the same native guy in the back.  "I can" he says and brings the horse out, and than brings the horse back in and the horse is crying."  The white man, amazed, said,"before I give you this 100$ can you tell me how you made my horse laugh and cry?"  The native man says, "the first day I said I had a bigger penis than him, the next day I showed him."
A guy walks into a bar He asks the bartender for eight shots of whiskey, doesn't matter what kind. Bartender asks "What's the special occasion?" The guy says "I'm celebrating my first blow job..."  The guy takes three shots quickly. The bartender says "congratulations! Have one on me, but why so many shots?" The guy says "To get the taste out of my mouth."
A man walks into a bar carrying a dog The dog has no legs. The bartender looks at the legless dog and asks the man, "What's your dog's name?" The man replies, "Cigarette." The bartender looks at him puzzled. "Why did you name him Cigarette?" The man replies, "Because every morning, I take him out for a drag."
